COMING CLEAN

by Jiminy Christmas

* This story and any characters herein are totally fictitious and any
resemblance to real people and/or events is coincidental. Most characters are
trademarked by Hasbro Toys and Marvel Entertainment with the exception of
several who are trademarked by Jimmy Christmas. This fanfic is unauthorized
and meant purely for the free entertainment of Transformer Fan Masses.*

********************************************************

"Don't let me die!  Don't let me die!"

"Awwww, is poor wittle Thrusty-wusty low on fuel?"

"Dammit, Octane, I'm dyin' here!  Do your job and help me!" snaps a rattled
Thrust, on his knees in trembling agony.

"Oh, it's not that easy to get anything from me, Thrusty-poo.  You know that,"
sings Octane as he dances around him, giggling with juvenile glee. "You've got
to....sweet-talk me a bit.  Tell me... how much I mean to you."

Thrust cranes his neck, looking away.  "Where the hell is Tantrum? He'll give
me some fuel," he hopes aloud as laser fire forces his head back down into the
trench.

"Oh, he's too busy right now to save your tailwings, Thrusty my boy," Octane
replies with a smirk.  "He's out there doing what real warriors do. But you
wouldn't know anything about that, would you?  You flee any conflict if an
Autobot so much as fires back at you.   You're a coward, Thrust," he adds as
the childlike lightness fades from his voice, replaced with grim venom.

Thrust tries to lunge at Octane, but , obviously depleted, he falls on his
face, and a cloud of dust puffs up around him.

"Shut..up...and...save....me...please!"  Thrust gasps, straining topick
himself up.

"Come on, that wasn't very nice."  Octane crosses his arms and looks down
squarely at his quivering comrade, tapping his foot.  "I'm waiting."

"Cripes, Octane, get him fueled and get him fighting!" yells Thundercracker,
positioned nearby and firing several volleys out of the trench.  "The Autobots
are pressing forward.  We need all the help we can muster, so stop your stupid
little game!"

"This doesn't concern you!" Octane shouts at him.  "Now, Thrusty," he says,
turning back to the heap in front of him.  "Tell me how great I am. You have 2
seconds."

Thrust struggles to pick his head up to face his tormentor.  Seeing the
condescension in Octane's eyes and the aggravating smirk on his face, he tries
to spit something out.  "Y..You're...."

"Too late."  Octane suddenly jams his gun barrel into Thrust's mouth and
maliciously blasts through the other side of his head, sending him doubling
over in a heap against the trench wall, inoperative.

"Dammit, Octane!" Thundercracker shouts, startled and angered by the
unexpected brutality.  "That was cruel and pointless!  If you can poke your
head up without it getting shot off, you'll see how close we are to being
overrun here.  We can't afford to have you killing our ranks off so you can
get your jollies, you bastard!"

"Don't you dare tell me how to get my kicks!" Octane spits back.  "He was a
snivelling coward anyway.  He was expendable."

A brief lull in the sounds of firing weapons and exploding rockets reveals a
sinister little chuckle.  Thundercracker turns to see Skywarp holding his hand
to his mouth as if to quiet himself.

"Sorry," he says, "but I, uh, thought it was kinda funny."

A nearby blast sends chunks of rock scattering throughout the trench and
shakes them out of their debate.  The Autobots are upon them.

"Ho ho ho, boys," Streetwise cracks in his usual slang as he leaps into the
trench.  "The jig is up.  It's time to pay the piper, chumps."   He
straightens up and shoots at the black and purple Decepticon.

"Don't think so, reject," returns Skywarp, as he dissipates and vanishes just
before Streetwise's fire hits the spot.

"Damn, I hate that," Streetwise mutters as he looks about, confused. Octane
then grabs him and slams him into the trench wall, causing loose dirt to
cascade over them.  But as he pulls back to punch his Protectobot prey, he
realizes that his arm is being held in place.  Looking up, he sees a small,
orange and gray Autobot looming on the edge, with his arms extended, and a
sadistic glee in his face.

"Magnetism's a pretty fun thing to play with, ain't it?" Windcharger snaps as
Octane struggles to free himself from the Autobot's control. Streetwise clears
his head, looks up, and notices a flash of light behind his rescuer.


"Windcharger!" he shouts.  "BEHIND YOU!"

Too late comes the warning, as Skywarp materializes and knocks Windcharger
into the trench, breaking his control and freeing Octane's fist to embed
Streetwise into the wall.  The two Decepticons look at each other proudly, as
if to congratulate each other on their magnificence.

"Hey, did you guys catch that?" Thundercracker asks, referring to Megatron's
inter-Decepticon radio broadcast of the order to retreat.

"Yeah, I caught it," Skywarp answers.  "'A shame, too.  We could take these
Autochumps.  But hey, he's the boss."  With that, he vanishes again, this time
away from the battle entirely.

"Well, let's split, Thundercracker," Octane says, as Streetwise falls to the
ground, groggy.  "Unless you want to stay here and kiss Thrust goodbye."  He
transforms into his jet mode and flies off, muttering something about the
stupidity of compassion.

As the dust settles after Octane's departure, Thundercracker stands alone in
the trench with two semi-conscious Autobots and Thrust's carcass, slumped
against the wall and twisted uncomfortably against the rocks.  He looks over
his dead comrade for a moment, remembering his life.

--- *What a horrible waste.  Sure, he was kinda loud and obnoxious, but you
had to see that he was just this scared guy trying to be big and impressive...
doing the best he could to live up to Decepticon standards. Now here he is,
destined to corrode in some nameless ditch for eternity, unless the Autobots
scrap him and salvage his components for later use. 'He was expendable.'  All
that time he fought with us and now I'm the only one of his 'friends' that
will even consider reflecting on his life, let alone take the time to do it. 
Sometimes, everything seems so wrong.*---


Windcharger's groan of consciousness shakes Thundercracker from his thoughts. 
He slowly gathers himself and transforms to retreat, as he was commanded.

Part 2


"Hey, flyboy, what's eatin' you?"

Thundercracker snaps back to reality, startled by the sudden attention, and
looks up to meet Rampage's quizzical gaze.

"Oh....it's nothing, Rampage.  Just...thinking," he replies trying to brush
him off.

"'At's a bad habit to get yerself into.  Don't bother with it.  Jus' slows ya
down," Rampage offers proudly.  Then he suddenly leaps back. "OH!  I gotta get
back to the TV.  New Stone Temple Pilots video's comin' up after the news,
y'know.  GRAAAAA!"  Quickly, he bounds away and around the corner, screaming
all the way.

"Moron," Thundercracker mutters as rises from his seat and resumes his
thoughts.  He hasn't been able to shake Octane's cruel murder of Thrust from
his mind since they returned to the base.  Doubts about what he is fighting
for often surface in his head, but this time, the usual supressants; the
Decepticon manifest destiny, the superiority of Transformers over other
beings, even the possible wrath of Megatron have failed to remove the image of
Thrust's pathetic pleading for his life.  And the weight of that image on his
mind is apparent to the rest of the Decepticons.

"Hey, Thundy, what's wrong?" Kickback asks, sounding genuinely concerned.

"Don't call me Thundy," he spits back, tersely.  "Go bug somebody else."

"Ha, ha, ha.  You're a riot," Kickback responds, sarcastically.  "But
seriously, you look like something's really bothering you.  C'mon, you can
tell me," he pleads.

"No I can't and you know it," Thundercracker snaps.  "Buzz off."

"You can stop the puns anytime," grunts Kickback, visibly annoyed, but trying
to calm himself.  "Hey, you know I'm your friend, ri-"

"You are NOT my friend, Kickback.  You are a sneaky little blackmailer hoping
to draw something incriminating out of me to run off and tell Megatron about
to make yourself look better.  Now, your little ploys might work on a Dinobot
but they don't fool me, so just shut up and go back to your hive."

Thundercracker gives him a punctuating shove and begins to storm away.
Kickback returns to his feet, brimming with anger.

"I AM NOT A BEE!"  he screams, bringing a smile to Thundercracker's face.


---*That dirty little Insecticon weasel is not my friend.  But, come to think
of it, can a Decepticon even have friends?  I mean, if you're truly friends
with someone, you tend to have compassion for them.  And around here,
compassion is a glaring weakness.  I guess the way it works is that you can
work well with your comrades, or you can hate your comrades.  You can't like
them, or else you'll be ridiculed if it ever happens to show, and it may be a
hinderance in battle.  It's all business.  You can onlyhave allies.  No
friends.*---


Suddenly, he is once again shaken from his thoughts, this time by crashing
sounds from the other end of the corridor.  Running out to investigate, along
with a slew of other Decepticons, Thundercracker quickly makes his way down
the corridor and turns the corner only to nearly collide with Blast Off.

"Blast it, Thundercracker, you OAF!  You almost hit me!" Blast Off shouts,
indignantly.

"What's going on?  What's all the noise?" Thundercracker asks, ignoringBlast
Off's insults.

"Oh, it's just those ignorant ruffians going at it again."  Blast Off replies
in disgust.  "And to think, I have to share my mind with him. Bah."

Thundercracker looks past Blast Off to see what he was referring to.

"Awww, ya gotta do better 'n that, buckethead!" taunts Blitzwing as he easily
slips out of Brawl's headlock.

"Shut yer trap, ya greasy little sumbitch!" Brawl shouts back, entangling with
his opponent once again.  "Get back here so's I can strangle ya!"

The two of them fall to the floor, wrestling around, as a small crowd begins
to gather around them.

"Any particular reason for this, Blast Off?" Thundercracker asks.

"None that I can comprehend," Blast Off sneers.  "These simpletons seem to
enjoy beating on each other, for some sort of... primitive satisfaction they
derive from it."  He punctuates his last statement with an exasperated sigh.

The two combatants spill all over the floor, laughing hysterically and trying
to gain an advantage over each other, while the crowd cheers them on.

"They better not have too much fun," Thundercracker mutters to himself,
observing their euphoria.  "They may get to like each other."

"ALL DECEPTICONS REPORT TO AUDITORIUM AT ONCE.  MEGATRON COMMANDS."

Soundwave's statement finds its way into each Decepticon's head, via inter-Con
radio, and interrupts the festivities at hand.

"Aww, shoot, Brawl!  And I was just about to finish you off!" spits Blitzwing,
picking himself up.

"Sez you!  I had you down for the count!" Brawl spits back, standing.

The rest of the crowd chuckles at the exchange and begins to head towards the
auditorium.

"This is not gonna be fun," laments Divebomb, loudly, changing the mood of the
crowd.

"Yeah," concurs Ramjet. "I betcha we get chewed out for getting plastered by
the Autobots today."

"No doubt about it," responds Dead End.  "I wonder which one of us he'll
destroy as 'an example of what happens to failures' or whatever."  That
statement brings an abrupt end to the mutterings of the crowd, replacing them
with an eerie silence as each Decepticon begins to ponder his own fate, and
some begin to fear for their lives.

"That is such a ridiculous form of motivation," murmurs Blast Off, finally. 
"I can't believe he does that."

"Happened before," Dirge inserts, somberly.  "Runabout."

The eerie silence returns, this time incurred by the Battlecharger's gruesome
destruction flashing across their memory circuits.

"Well, here we are," Dead End says with sarcastic cheer as he opens the
doorway to the auditorium, an enormous, breathtaking, almost cavernous room,
adorned with the banners and flags and sculptures that are characteristic of
these assemblies, prominently displaying the Decepticon symbol and  "Peace
through tyranny"  written in Cybertronian.  Other Decepticons from all over
the base are filing in on all sides to take their seats.  Thundercracker moves
down the center aisle towards the front to take his seat with the "Aerial
Elite" as they are sometimes called. Glancing towards the stage, he sees
Soundwave standing calmly above them, watching the Decepticons enter with his
cool stoicism and smug arrogance, basking in his assumed indispensability.

"Two-faced suck-up bastard!" Thundercracker mutters to himself, reflecting the
general opinion of the Decepticon populace towards Megatron'sright-hand man. 
But most other Decepticons have learned not to voice theiropinions of him,
even to themselves, for his abilities to overhear are legend.   And with the
sound of that remark came his glare of anger, falling upon Thundercracker
immediately and intensely, and not leaving until long after he had taken his
seat.

After shifting about uncomfortably under Soundwave's optic sensors,
Thundercracker eases noticeably when the communicator finally resumes his
monitoring of the crowd.  He sits down between Starscream and Skywarp, as is
always the case in these gatherings.  As he settles in, he can't help but
glance down the row at the empty seat between Skywarp and Dirge.

"I despise these asinine little pep rallies," Starscream says with a sneer,
directed at anyone within earshot.  "They are such a waste of valuable time." 
As usual, Starscream proclaims his discontent.

"Right now, we could be in preparation for our next strike, keeping the
Autobots on their toes, disorienting them with the sheer rapidity of our
attacks.  But no, our esteemed leader insists on squandering our opportunities
with his senseless braggadocio.  Now, if I were in charge..."

Just like clockwork.  If Thundercracker hasn't learned to watch his mouth
around Soundwave, he has certainly learned to ignore Starscream's prattling. 
Once or twice he has actually pondered what Starscream's leadership would be
like, especially considering the fact that most Decepticons consider him the
most grating, insufferable being that they have ever had the misfortune of
laying optics on.  He has always realized that, the way Starscream views
things, braggadocio is only senseless when Starscream is not the one doing it.

The muttering of the amassed Decepticon army begins to die down as Soundwave
breaks his motionlessness and moves towards the podium; his usual call for
silence.  Soon, not a voice is heard, save for the juvenile chuckling of
Rumble and Frenzy, oblivious to their surroundings.  They suddenly look up and
realize what's going on, and they straighten up in their seats and try to look
innocent.   Soundwave's glare is fixed upon them.

Finally, the communicator looks up to the rest of the crowd and beginsto
speak.

"Decepticons," he begins, as his voice hums over the audience.   "Asalways, it
is my distinct pleasure to introduce the mightiest of all Decepticons, past,
present, and future.  The esteemed lord of the-"

"Soundwave."

The addressed stops in mid-sentence, confused at the interruption, feels a
hand on his right shoulder,  and looks behind him.

"Your words at this point," Megatron growls, "are unimportant."

The crowd stares in fear as Megatron's hand slowly crushes Soundwave's
shoulder as if it were clay.  For all his arrogance, Soundwave IS generally
thought to be indespensible, and it is a shock for everyone in attendance,
especially Soundwave himself, to see him hurled aside in a heap, gurgling in
pain, but at the same time, struggling to quiet himself so as not to raise any
more of Megatron's ire.

Having removed the other occupant of the stage, the commander of the
Decepticons stands still, shifting his glare slowly over his amassed subjects,
sneering angrily and occasionally grunting contempt at them. Finally, the
scream wells up from within his massive frame, and frazzles the receptors of
his underlings when it reaches its peak.  And with the unmistakable sound of
his fusion cannon, the Decepticons gape stageward as the podium explodes
powerfully and leaves simmering rubble in its place. Thundercracker edges as
far back into his seat as he can.

---*Madness.  Sheer madness.*---

"INCOMPETENCE!!!"

"I WILL NOT... continue to TOLERATE... this GROSS INCOMPETENCE!!" the
Slagmaker bellows.  "ALL OF YOU!  Your COLOSSAL IMPOTENCE has set the
Decepicon cause back IMMEASURABLY!!"

Megatron has not been this furious in ages.  And Starscream has never been
this dumb.

"Do NOT blame US for this setback!" the conniving villain shouts, standing in
protest.  "YOU are to blame for your FUTILE --uuurk!"

The familiar sound of the fusion cannon erupts once again with Megatron's
scream of rage, and Thundercracker shrinks back in terror and watches the
blast rip through Starscream's chest and send the upstart careening over the
rest of the crowd and smashing into the back wall of the auditorium with a
loud crash.  The shrill, piercing shriek of agony echoes throughout the hall
and slowly fades into the horrified silence of all the witnesses.

---*I've pledged my life to this madness.*---

Megatron continues unabated.

"FOOLS!  DO NOT TEST MY PATIENCE!!  MY WILL IS NOT OPEN TO DEBATE!!!  I
TOLERATE NO DISSENT!!  YOU DO AS I COMMAND OR DIE!!!"

The supreme lord of the Decepticon army finally pauses as he lets his last
statement linger in the minds of his minions.  At long last, he starts again.

"The course for conquest has been altered, due to your collective uselessness.
 The changes in the previously distributed assignments will be made shortly,
and you are required to report to Onslaught to receive your instructions
before sunrise."  Another pause.

"Do not tempt death by failing me again."

The abrupt turn and exit of Megatron coincides with the chilling of the fluids
of his cowering underlings.  The frightened silence remains for a few moments
before anyone in the crowd musters up the courage to speak again.  A murmur
slowly builds up as each Decepticon is comforted by the sound of another's
voice, and soon the room is smattered with hushed conversations about what has
happened.

Thundercracker gets up and slowly makes his way up the center aisle, as many
Decepticons pass him by hurriedly, each one wanting to have somewhere
important to be, although few of them do.  The Constructicons jog past,
heading towards the back.  His optics follow Long Haul as he transforms into
his dump truck mode, and Mixmaster and Bonecrusher gather up the wreckage of
Starscream and load it into their teammate.  The slow and constant moan of
pain from his nominally-functioning form echoes in Thundercracker's head long
after it is carried away.

As he looks on, he suddenly hears the clang of metal footsteps behind him.  He
turns and sees Soundwave marching up the aisle, clutching his right shoulder
with his left hand.  His arm is dangling hideously from his torso by only a
few cords and wires, but the way he is carrying himself indicates that he has
switched off his pain sensors.  He stomps heavily up the aisle, surrounded by
a cloud of anger.  As he barges through, he fires Thundercracker a glare that
reminds him of their earlier staredown.  The minimal expression that
Soundwave's face allows is more than enough to unnerve the object of his ire. 
But the glare does not last long, as theinjured communicator continues up the
aisle and storms off, following the Constructicons out the main doorway.

Soon, Thundercracker is left alone in the monstrous auditorium.  He slumps
into a seat on the center aisle and ponders.  Soundwave is out to get him, his
life is in Megatron's maniacal hands, his allies are falling victim to his
allies, and no one seems to see anything wrong with any of it.  As his mind
wanders from one problem to another, one recurring thought ties them all
together.

---*I've pledged my life to this madness.*---

Part 3

--*I've pledged my life to this madness.*--

Thundercracker is a very troubled Decepticon.  The more he thinks about the
way he's been living his life, the more it seems to be completely senseless.

--*Everything just seems wrong.  What am I fighting for?  What has all the
killing I've done in the name of the Decepticons really gotten me? Am I
destined to die at the hands of my own leader?  This is such insanity! Does a
life pledged to this madness have any true purpose at all?*--


Thundercracker's hands reach for his head as the questions that he has often
dealt with relatively easily now refuse to be dismissed without answers.  It
has been hours since the assembly, and nothing else has been on his mind. 
Finally, he lets out a yell and slams his fist into the wall with a loud
clang.

"What the hell did you go and do that for, Cracker?"

Startled, Thundercracker spins around and sees Razorclaw sitting casually on a
bench behind him.  Suddenly, he realizes that he's been wandering the
headquarters for quite a while now, with no particulardestination in mind. 
Looking about, he notices that he's in the Rest Station, a lounge of sorts for
Decepticon warriors off duty.  All of the Predacons are present, along with
Vortex, Octane and Skywarp, all of whom are looking quizzically at him.

"Uh... well... I was just, uh... letting off some steam," he says, finally.

"Well, that sort of crap is a big waste of energy.  Don't drain our resources
with your little... heh heh... tantrums," the Predacon commander says slyly.

Tantrum sits silently for a moment, and then slowly begins to comprehend a
possible reference to himself.

"Hey!" he shouts, leaping into Razorclaw's face.  "Are you saying something
about me, Lion-o?  Don't make me rip your fu--"

"SIT DOWN!" booms Razorclaw, snapping his head up to meet Tantrum's glare,
without budging any of the rest of his body.   Tantrum fumes for a moment,
waving his arms and repeatedly starting to say something, and finally sits
down and grumbles to himself.  Razorclaw slowly moves his head back and
resumes his eerily motionless monitoring of the room.

Thundercracker suddenly notices music coming from the far end of the room, and
sees Rampage sitting three inches from a huge television screen, with the
phrase "girls, girls, girls" emanating repeatedly from it. The same word runs
through his mind to describe the entranced Predacon. "Moron."

"Anyway, as I was saying," says Octane, looking snidely at Thundercracker,
"the little coward was on his knees, whimpering and whining like a friggin'
Earth kid.  Ha ha ha!"

"Yeah," chimes in Skywarp. "You shoulda seen the look on his face just before
Octane here capped him!  It was great!"  The both of them laugh hysterically,
eliciting mild laughter from their listeners.

"Aw hell, remind me never to ask you for anything, Octane," Vortex says as he
guffaws at his own humor.

"And then THIS guy," Octane continues, indicating Thundercracker, "HE starts
comin' down on me, talkin' about how 'cruel' it was and how we 'needed' him. 
What a friggin' wimp!"

Thundercracker's ire, slowly simmering while listening to this conversation,
suddenly increased tenfold in intensity.

"Yeah, like ANY of us EVER needed a namby-pamby coward like Thrust!" Skywarp
gloats.  At that, Thundercracker lunges for his flying partner, picks him up,
and slams him up against the wall he had dented with his earlier punch.

"Listen, you pompous, snickering little scumbag!" Thundercracker shouts into
Skywarp's face.  "What would've happened if YOU were the whimpering sap low on
fuel, and Octane shoved a gun down YOUR throat and blew your CPU out the back
of your head?  HUH?  Wouldn't be all that funny anymore, would it?  Are you
any more worthy of life just because your TANK was full?! "

Suddenly, Thundercracker is screaming at a flash of light instead of the black
Decepticon.  Immediately, he swings around behind him and slams his fist
straight into Skywarp's just-materialized face, sending him careening over
benches and onto the floor with a series of crashes.

"And you're SO PREDICTABLE!!!" Thundercracker screams again, bounding to where
Skywarp landed.  "ALWAYS right behind the guy!  Get some imagination, you
simpering dolt!"

"Yeah, ice him, Cracker!!  Smear his circuits all over the room!!" Rampage
shouts, his concentration on Motley Crue broken by the commotion.

Thundercracker stops, and looks at the Decepticons eagerly watching him pummel
his ally, especially the Moron Rampage.  He looks down at Skywarp, knocked
cold by the unexpected accuracy of Thundercracker's prediction, and realizes
that he was ready to dismember his victim.


--*This is Decepticon ideology at work.  This is what they want us all to do. 
Remove anyone in your way by any means necessary, preferably violence.  This
is what is drummed into our heads from creation.  Is this how I want to live? 
Is THIS what I was meant to do?  Hate, kill, and serve?  If I kill Skywarp,
how it will be different from killing Thrust? How will it avenge him?  What
benefit will it do anyone?*--


Thundercracker lowers his arms and walks away from his victim.

"What the hell ya doin', Cracker?" Headstrong asks.  "He's on the ropes!  Go
for the kill!"

"Yeah!" Divebomb adds.  "I wanna see his frazzled optics dangling by some
nearly snapped wires off of his face and--!"

"Save all that for the Autobots," Razorclaw snaps, having not moved at all
during the fracas.

"Yeah," spits Octane.  "Next time we fight 'em, this softie'll probably be
fighting for 'em!"

Thundercracker turns to meet Octane's condescending glare.  He feels the
incredible urge to tear his head off and feed it to Rampage, and it takes
every restraint he can muster to walk out of the room.

After he leaves, his mind goes to work again.


--*This is all crazy.  I don't know what to think anymore.  All these years,
all these battles, all this war, all this death, everything I've lived for and
through.  It all seems so useless.  And now I'm thinking the unthinkable.  I
can't believe I'm considering it, especially since HE said it, but...  no. 
Not yet.  I have to talk to somebody.  There has to be somebody I can talk to
around here somewhere...*--



The faint sound of revving motors in the distance echoes through the hallway,
getting progressively louder and bringing Thundercracker out of his cloud of
disillusionment for the moment.  The motor sound is suddenly accompanied by
high-pitched cackling.

"YEEEEEEEHAAAAWWW!!!" screams Wildrider as he spins out at the far end of the
corridor Thundercracker is currently wandering through and smashes into the
wall, bounces off, and rumbles down the hall.  "Get outta my way or yer outta
luck, Cracker!  Hahahahahahahaahaha!  Yaaahoooo!!!"

"Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee heeh  hee hee hee!" cackles Runamuck
as he follows closely behind.  "Yer not gettin' ahead o' me that easily,
Wildrider!   They ain't built the sucker that can beat me! I'm-a gonna slam
into Cracker and STILL beat yer aft!"

Thundercracker sees the maniacal twosome barreling towards him, driving up the
walls and decorating them with skidmarks, and he reacts by flying up and
laying flat against the ceiling, hoping the duo is not crazy enough to try to
hit him there.

"Awww shoot, Cracker!" Wildrider yells, driving under him.  "I was lookin'
forwerd to a big, loud crash!"

"Hee Hee Hee!  I'm more'n happy to oblige!" Runamuck shouts, and speeds up and
rams Wildrider into the corner with the big, loud crash he asked for and
passes him, giggling all the way.

"Ya dirty little creep!" Wildrider shouts after Runamuck.  "Come back here 'n'
get a face full o'fender!"  The two of them zoom off around the corner, and
Thundercracker floats back down to the ground.  After a few more steps, he is
dismayed to hear another cackling voice approaching him, this time accompanied
by the clang of footsteps.

"Wait up, you nimrods!" Mixmaster shouts, turning the corner on foot.  "Try
and slam into me!  I'm a friggin' TRUCK!!  Hee hee hee hee heh heh heh."

Thundercracker moves aside as Mixmaster approaches.  But the Constructicon
stops in front of him, stands still for a moment, and suddenly swivels to face
him.

"C'mere, monkey,"  Mixmaster mutters, gesturing for Thundercracker.
Hesitantly, he leans over to Mixmaster, who leans to whisper into his audio
sensor.  "You seen my mofandlemama?"

"What?"

"You seen my mofandlemama?"

"What the hell are you--"

"GOOD!  You ain't heard of it.  Keep it that way!" Mixmaster shouts, knocking
the top of Thundercracker's head three times.  "BOOGA BOOGA!!  HA HA HA HA HA
HA HA HA!"  Transforming into his truck mode, he drives off after his cackling
comrades to go and do things nobody else wants to know about.

"Everybody's nuts."  Thundercracker mutters to himself, chuckling a bit at
what just happened.  But even that display of mirth doesn't distract him from
his troubles for long.  Needing to talk to someone, he starts off down the
corridor to find a confidant somewhere among the ranks of the Decepticon
Empire.

Part 4


"OUT OF MY WAY, FOOL!" screams Motormaster, slamming Thundercracker against
the wall.  "Do not DARE attempt to impede me!"

The Stunticon commander storms by, dropping Thundercracker to the ground and
leaving a cloud of hate in his wake.  Thundercracker picks himself up,
scowling and grumbling about how those who can't even fly have no reason to be
so full of themselves.  The quest for a confidant apparently does not end
here. After pretending to shoot Motormaster in the back, Thundercracker turns
and continues down the corridor in search of someone to voice his thoughts to,
someone to get some advice from, or maybe someone to slap him and tell him
he's nuts.  He runs down possibilities in his head.


--*Come on, come on, THINK!  The Predacons are out, Octane and Skywarp are
out, Blitzwing, no, Astrotrain... no, no Insecticons, Constructicons...? 
Scavenger?  No, he's too squirrelly.  Dirge, no, Ramjet, no, Frenzy, Rumble,
hell no.  Combaticons.... Hey, Swindle!  No no no, he's too devious.  No
Motormaster, but....*--


The idea strikes Thundercracker, and he is awash with joy.  The only
Decepticon he can think of who may actually even consider the validity of the
thoughts running around in his head.  He immediately turns around to catch up
to Motormaster, who is not hard to find, due to his heavy, echoing stomps.

"Motormaster!  Motormaster, I-"

"AWAY WITH YOU!" comes the booming response.  "I have matters to attend to,
but I can ALWAYS make time to PUMMEL a NUISANCE!"

Thundercracker restrains an urge to deck this pompous slave to gravity and
continues.

"Just, uh, one quick question, o Heralded Master of Motors.  Where are your
Stunticons now?"

"I suggest you DROP that tone before I GOUGE OUT your vocorder and shove it
through your OPTICS!" Motormaster bellows back, staring him down. To that,
Thundercracker kneels in reverence and apology, the sarcasm of which is lost
on the Stunticon leader.

"That's better," Motormaster says, leveling his sword at Thundercracker's
throat.  "My Stunticons are reporting to Onslaught for their orders, as I
suggest you do.  Now BEGONE!"

Once again, Motormaster thunders down the hall, tempting Thundercracker to
actually blast him in the back.  But he decides against it, realizing it would
do more harm than good.


--*I'm amazing myself.  I'm actually starting to get a pretty good handle on
these violent urges I've been instilled with throughout my life. This is
definitely not ideal Decepticon behavior.  I've gotta find him. The one
mechanism I know that just might possibly understand all of this...*--



Thundercracker maneuvers through the hallways of Decepticon headquarters,
racing towards the War Room.  Once there, he opens the door into the massive
place and looks around.  The Stunticons are gathered around Onslaught, the
Decepticons' strategic wizard, as he encodes their assignments into their
memory circuits.  Shockwave is also present, sharing the workload by encoding
plans into Astrotrain, Blitzwing, Dirge, and Ramjet.  Soundwave is doing some
computer work, but he takes time to glare menacingly at Thundercracker's
entrance.  And the entire room has the cold, foreboding feel of the ruthless
Decepticon command.  No doubt Megatron is nearby.

Thundercracker moves towards Onslaught, but Shockwave's cold monotone beckons
him.

"Thundercracker, report to me," the one-eyed goliath commands.  "I have your
instructions."

Thundercracker stops and glances nervously towards the Stunticons, then
murmurs acceptance of the order and walks towards Shockwave.  As he moves
closer, Ramjet disengages from his encoder and smirks toward Thundercracker.

"Looks like we're teammates in this one, Thunder!" he says.  "See you on the
battlefield!"

Thundercracker responds with some false joviality and hesitantly picks up the
free encoder, a long, snakelike device extending from a nearby control panel. 
This is never a pleasant experience.  Shockwave takes the encoder from his
hands, flips open a section of Thundercracker's forehead, and proceeds to
gently place the wide, bell-shaped end into its corresponding space in
Thundercracker's neural circuitry.  A flash of light envelopes his optics, and
he stands inert for a period of time he doesn't know the length of.  Finally,
the inputting is done and Thundercracker gratefully disengages from the
encoder.  Immediately, he looks towards Onslaught.  Breakdown and Dead End
have disengaged and are waiting for their comrades.

Thundercracker radios a message into Dead End's head, and the sullen Stunticon
glances towards him quizzically.  Thundercracker moves towards the door and
discreetly motions for Dead End to follow him, and he obliges.  Once outside,
the two of them walk for a while, with Thundercracker looking about nervously
and Dead End asking questions and being shushed a lot.  Finally, they reach a
room in a generally unused section of the base, and Thundercracker starts
talking.

"Dead End, I need someone to talk to, and given the way you think of things, I
have a feeling that you're the only being in this entire army who might even
consider that what I'm about to tell you could be valid."

"Wow.  I feel honored," Dead End says, half-sarcastically.  "Spill it,
Thunder."

"Lately, Dead, I've been feeling that everything... all of this "hey let's go
beat things up and kill stuff" business... most of what we're fighting for...
I've been thinking that it's all pretty much pointless hogwash."

"Yes, I know," Dead End concurs.  "Although it's fun every once in a while to
smash the hell out of somebody, generally I'd have to agree with you that we
aren't really accomplishing anything worthwhile."

"Great, I knew you could see my points," Thundercracker says enthusiastically.
 "Now here's the kicker.  Whereas you, no offense here, seem to complain and
bitch a lot about it all, I'm thinking about taking it a step further.  I'm
thinking about getting out of this gang of roughnecks altogether."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes!  Think about it.  We're definitely not happy here, right?"

"Well, yeah, but-"

"So what is it that keeps us here?"

"Megatron's fusion cannon."

"Come on, now, Dead.  You can't live in fear forever!  Comes a time where you
have to take control of your own life and decide what's best for you.  How
much longer can you stand existing simply because Megatron hasn't gotten mad
enough to kill you yet?"

Dead End ponders this for a moment.  "What.... what would we do?"

"Well," Thundercracker responds, "I don't know about you, but I think I want
to try and right some of the immense amount of wrongs I've done to beings all
across the universe.  I want to make any amends that I can for the suffering
I've inflicted throughout my past.  I'm thinking..... I'm thinking the
unthinkable."

"You don't mean...."

"Exactly.  Why not?  If everything we do here is wrong, maybe our opposite
numbers are doing what's right.  Besides, aren't there some people around here
that you just want to beat some sense into?"

"Hmmmmm," Dead End wonders.  "That bastard Motormaster."

"YES!  I'll help you take a crack at him!"

"Maybe you're right, Thundercracker," Dead End says hopefully, with more
enthusiasm than he has shown in ages.  "Maybe we should... wait, of course....
 I can't."  Thundercracker feels the sudden downward spiral in Dead End's
emotional state.

"Why?  What's the problem?"

"Think about it, Thunder.  I'm a Stunticon.  Member of a group that shares
mental bonds with each other.  As long as I'm around, the rest of the
Stunticons could track me anywhere.  I.... I would be of no value to the
Autobots."

"I'm sure we could find a way-"

CLICK!

Thundercracker freezes in terror.  The familiar sound of a transformation
comes from behind him, and he knows his treason plans have been discovered. 
He spins around quickly to face the spy, and sees the last being he ever
wanted to see.  Thundercracker knows that if his face was capable of
expression, Soundwave would be grinning ear to ear.

Part 5


"This is going to be fun," Soundwave boasts.  "I haven't had this much dirt on
anyone in a long time."  The communicator lets out a sinister cackle of
devious glee, which seems strangely uncharacteristic of his melodic voice.

"What have you heard?" a distraught Thundercracker demands.  At that, the
entire treasonous conversation he had just had with Dead End is replayed from
Soundwave's chest, and Thundercracker sinks back and leans against the wall in
defeat.  He glances towards his Stunticon confidant, who has slumped down into
a heap in the corner of the room, mumbling semi-audibly.

"I knew it, I knew it, this was inevitable," Dead End murmurs, once again
being enveloped in all-too-familiar depression.  "I knew it was pointless..."

Thundercracker looks at the monkeywrench in his plans and struggles to voice
his thoughts.

"How did you... how could you... how did you find us?"

Soundwave crosses his arms in triumph and leans back smugly against the wall.

"You are indeed a fool, Thundercracker.  We've been on this planet together
for quite some time now, and I would think that you would know me better than
you seem to.  It takes the grandest of imbeciles to try to radio a secret
message when I am only a few short steps away.  I hear EVERYTHING, traitor,
and soon Megatron will hear it all as well." Soundwave pauses, and seems to
smirk at Thundercracker, who looks as if he knows exactly what's coming.

"That is, unless....." Soundwave trails off, knowingly.

The fuel pump of a blackmailer.  The rumors come back into Thundercracker's
mind.


--*I AM a fool.  I know all about this guy, but I'm stupid enough to walk into
my doom anyway.  Why did I have to get so eager?  Why didn't I think this
through completely before telling anyone?  And if I had, would it have
mattered?  Rumor has it he can read your mind, too.  Now, I'm trapped.  I'm
gonna have to kowtow to this bastard for eons just to keep this out of
Megatron's hands.  If I rub him the wrong way at all, he'll run off and spill
his diodes, and another one of the Aerial Elite gets smote. Cripes, what's the
point.....?*--


"What's the point of all of this?" mutters Dead End, echoing Thundercracker's
thoughts.  "Walked right into this.  There is no escape, there is no way out,
there is no hope for anything.  Now my inevitable demise is bumped up a year
or two on the schedule, most likely at the hands of my illustrious commander. 
Everything is horrible..."

"Calm down, Dead," Thundercracker says, noticing that Dead End's usual
existential ramblings have taken on a jittery, nervous undertone. "Remember,
you're a Stunticon.  You're too valuable to be destroyed."

"Well then... I guess I'll just be reprogrammed and wiped of my current
personality.  That would make more strategic sense, now wouldn't it?  It
doesn't matter, I was doomed anyway."  Thundercracker listened to Dead End and
began to think that, despite his forlorn and omnipresent depression, he likes
the way he looks at things.  Perhaps he finds some comfort in his belief that
nothing matters; maybe it frees him from all responsibility.  And when
reprogramming occurred to him, the resulting uncertainty about life that would
undoubtedly resurface, especially after years of being secure in his beliefs,
was probably the worst thing he could imagine.

"Silence, Dead End," Soundwave spits, cutting off Thundercracker's analysis. 
"You will be dealt with separately.  Laserbeak, eject."

Soundwave's chest plate opens up, and a cassette pops out and transforms into
the Decepticon interrogator.  He flies up and perches on Soundwave's shoulder,
who turns his head to face him.

"Escort Dead End back to his fellow Stunticons; they should be meeting to
discuss their assignments soon.  Do not let him out of your sight, and do not
inform anyone of what has happened yet.  I have some... negotiating to do
first."  At that, the condor floats over and glares Dead End in the optics,
and the Stunticon bows his head in defeat and moves towards the door.  Taking
one last glance at Thundercracker, he speaks.

"It doesn't matter what you do, Thundercracker.  Purpose is not to be found
here."

"Enough jabber, traitor, let's go!"  Laserbeak caws, and Dead End trudges
dejectedly out the door, leaving Thundercracker alone with Soundwave, who
strolls casually over to where his victim stands.

Thundercracker looks up at his personal chaos-bringer, and asks, "What do you
want from me?  Do I clean your gun?  Do I polish your feet? Do I--"

He is cut off by the sudden impact of Soundwave's fist into his face. 
Thundercracker jerks back and slams against the wall, caught completely
offguard.   The communicator then grabs his prey by the shoulders and pounds
him against the wall again, this time holding him against it with crushing
strength.  He leans his face forward until his glowing red optic slit is
inches from Thundercracker's startled face. After an unnervingly drawn-out
staredown, he speaks.

"I'm going to do you a favor.  I'm going to beat some sense into you."

"Wh-what?"

"Let me explain," Soundwave says with another quick slam against the wall. 
"You see, fool, my position in the army, although quite eminent, does not
really allow me the opportunity to engage in any form of conflict often enough
to suit my tastes.  And you know, I do so enjoy inflicting pain."  He
punctuates this by flinging Thundercracker across the room and embedding him
into some outdated machinery that the room has been used to store.

"So," he continues, "rather than mention my dissatisfaction to Megatron, which
even a dolt like you should realize is suicide, I've concluded that what I
require is some form of ventilation for my aggressions; a 'punching bag,' if
you will."  Soundwave strolls, casually and mockingly, over to where
Thundercracker stirs and attempts to shake off this beating, and kicks him in
the face, drawing a cry of pain that delights the torturer.

"And you, my comrade," he says, lifting his victim up by the sides of his
head, "with your foolishly audible snide remarks, and your newlydiscovered
Autobot sympathies, have just volunteered to be that punching bag.  And
perhaps some continuous exposure to... my particular brand of justice may just
help you to realize the error of your thoughts."  He then yanks
Thundercracker's head down and brings his knee up at the same time, and with a
chip rattling crash the two collide, causing the battered Decepticon to
collapse to the ground, groaning in agony.

"You see, I couldn't do this with Dead End," he drones on, "because he is a
part of a tightly-knit group that would notice repeated beatings and damage to
him, thus eliciting a host of niggling inquiries that would serve to ruin
everything in the long run.  But with you, and your relative independence, it
should prove much less complicated to keep this between the two of us."  He
lifts Thundercracker's` face up to meet his glare.

"And besides, I hate you a lot more."

Soundwave then jerks Thundercracker's head back against the walland watches
him fall again.

"And if you do happen to mention this to anyone else, just remember two
things.  Number one: you are not likely to find much compassion for an Autobot
sympathizer such as yourself, seeing as how you'll have to explain that part
of this situation to your chosen confidant.  Number two: when word gets back
to me that you've let this secret out, and believe me, it will, Laserbeak
talks to Megatron.  And although it may deprive me of my punching bag, it will
give me the most exquisite pleasure of listening to the two of you, Dead End
and yourself, whimper and scream in protest as you are both strapped down to
be completely reprogrammed, if you happen to be spared Megatron's murderous
wrath.  It will be the grandest of joys to hear that pathetic pleading and
grovelling die out into the silent, mournful acceptance of the impending
destruction of your free will."

Soundwave pauses for a moment, delighting in the power he now wields over the
quivering metallic being that lies before him.

"Ponder that, slave."

--*Ugh.  This pain is... horrible.  And that's not even the worst part of all
of this.  This BASTARD... He's supposed to be emotionless and calculating... I
had no idea he was this bloodthirsty.  Imagine the number of beings that have
died at his hands, having their doom spelled out in that annoyingly pleasant
musical hum of his.  Sing me my plight, Soundwave...  and he's right.  There's
no way out of this, and if I try, it'll cost Dead End's mind as well as my
own.  How did I let this happen? Why did I bring Dead End into this... this
misguided treason?  Is this how I'm going to live out the rest of my life--
killing things and then reporting to my regularly scheduled beating?  I can't
handle this.  I can't LIVE like this...*--


Thundercracker struggles to get up on his feet, to regain some shred of the
dignity that has been bludgeoned from him by his new master. He stands on
shaky legs as he tries to straighten himself up and recuperate from the first
installment of what is to be his living hell.  As he looks up at Soundwave,
the communicator's optics glow demon red once again, and Thundercracker begins
to notice a dissonant buzz in his head.  Apart from the disquiet generated in
his cerebral circuitry by the beating he's endured, this new buzz slowly
begins to increase in intensity.  Detecting a vibration from Soundwave's
shoulder armament, Thundercracker realizes what is happening.

Soundwave steps closer as the noise grows louder, disrupting Thundercracker's
thought processes.  He begins to laugh wickedly, watching his new minion
buckle and clutch his head in pain.  Just audible over the buzz comes the
voice of the master.

"Let me hear you scream!"

Thundercracker involuntarily obliges as the buzz escalates into an
insufferable screech, forcing him to his knees.  Under this extreme torture,
logical thought can find no place within his mind.  Writhing in agony under
this horrid onslaught, his higher brain functions cannot operate, forcing him
to reach down to the core of his being, and bringing out the most instinctive,
primal reaction-- the need to survive.  The pain threshold has been found, and
he can no longer suppress his natural response to defend himself.

With a scream that Soundwave doesn't realize is a battle cry rather than a
helpless plea until much too late, Thundercracker brings his weapons online,
shuts off his optics, and unleashes his firepower on his tormentor.

Part 6


After the echoes of the explosions finally fade away, Thundercracker once
again allows himself to see.   As he slowly unfolds himself from the
primitively protective fetal position he had taken to defend himself from
backlash, he begins to lift his head up shakily to survey the surroundings
that have crackled back into view.  In the silence of the room, small pops and
quick buzzes make themselves obvious, as does a slow, steady and musically
monotone hum, and as the shuddering animal finally musters the courage to look
up, he sees Soundwave's body, smoking and motionless, slumped against the far
wall.

He crawls across the room to look over the destruction he has wrought, and the
scent of burning metal becomes evident.  The hum reverberates eerily in the
emptiness of the room, and it is made even more eerie when he realizes that it
is Soundwave's vocorder that it is coming from.  Thundercracker can't tell if
he is dead or simply unconscious, but either way, the damage is severe. 
Point-blank range is nowhere to be when you're fired upon.

Thundercracker hears the clamor in the hallway, no doubt alerted by the sound
of his weaponry going off.  Suddenly, a green and purple robot crashes into
the room, gun raised, and gasps at the grisly scene.

"Whoa!  Look what I found," Scavenger blurts, startled.  "The guys'll be
amazed when I show 'em this!  HEY!  EVERYBODY!  LOOK WHAT I FOUND!"  Bellowing
into the hallway, the Constructicon never sees what hits him.

Thundercracker leaps as soon as his prey isn't looking, wraps his hands around
the head of his victim, and smashes it against the door frame. Scavenger falls
instantly, dazed, and Thundercracker drops to his feet and crouches on the
floor.  Feeling every bit the animal he had just beenreduced to, he has no
time to think as the rest of the Decepticons approach.  He only has time to
react.Swindle runs up, only to be knocked into the wall as Thundercracker
leaps out of the room.  Racing down the hallway, one thought overrides all
others in his mind: escape.  Turning the corner, he spots a group of
Decepticons at the other end of the hallway, moving towards him.  Looking
back, he sees a mix of Constructicons and Combaticons closing the distance he
had put between them.   Yelling defiantly, he spins around, leaps into the
air, and transforms into his jet mode.  As he speeds towards the horde in
front of him, the confused Decepticons can think of nothing to do but duck to
avoid his charge.

Thundercracker transforms back into his more natural robot mode as he soars
over them, and glides around the corner. He must get to the tower.

The alarms go off throughout Decepticon headquarters, alerting the rest of the
army to the trouble.  Rumble and Frenzy come running towards Thundercracker,
screaming his name.

"CRACKER!  HEY, THUNDERCRACKER!" Frenzy screams.

The addressed stops, noticing that the two triggerhappy punks aren't firing on
him, and realizes a simple defense mechanism.

"Autobot intruder!  In the starboard corridor!  Get after him!" Thundercracker
shouts at them.  The pair nods in acceptance of his orders and runs off past
him, boasting about how they can't wait to bust some Autobot heads.

Thundercracker smirks at this exchange, but wastes no time in continuing his
quest to escape.  The mindset of the beast is beginning to leave him, allowing
him to think again, but it also brings back another, less welcome element. 
Fear.  He must get to the tower before the big guns find him.

That fear comes to a head as he approaches the base of the tower. He comes
inches away from crashing into Shockwave, just barely halting his momentum in
front of the one-eyed machine.  Thundercracker doubts that the same ploy will
work on Shockwave, but he decides to try it anyway.

"Sir!  There's an Autobot intruder in the starboard corridor!" he shouts,
saluting his superior officer.

"You are fleeing the scene rather than attempting to restrain the enemy. 
Explain." comes the terse reply.

Thundercracker struggles a bit.  "I'm, uh, warning the others, sir."

"The alarms would be sufficient.  Enough of your cowardice.  This way." drones
Shockwave as he stomps off towards the disturbance.

"Yes, sir," Thundercracker replies, watching Shockwave turn the corner.  As
soon he is out of sight, Thundercracker immediately resumes his course,
realizing that he has mere moments before somebody informs Shockwave of the
truth.  Moments he can't waste.  Transforming into his jet mode again, he
zooms up the base of the tower and sends the mental message to open the port.

The light of the sky pours down on him as he speeds towards it.  A feeling of
exhilaration sparkles across his circuits, and he realizes that his outburst
was a declaration of independence.  Soaring out over the ocean, he knows that
he will now finally be able to live his own life, choose his own beliefs, and
do what he wants to do, never to return to the oppressive villainy of the
Decepticon army.  His emotions have never been more powerful than at this
instant.

A sudden blip on his radar and a desperate spin to avoid a drone rocket remind
him that he's not quite free yet.  As expected, the Decepticons have not
abandoned their pursuit of the traitor.  Surveying his surroundings,
Thundercracker detects Ramjet, Dirge, Blitzwing and Vortex in his immediate
vicinity, closing in on their target.

--*Getting captured by these guys will take me right back to prison, and
probably to either death or the loss of my mind.  I've got nothing to lose. 
Hold on to your transistors, boys, and get ready to kiss your chassis
goodbye!*--


With a drop in altitude and a halt in acceleration, Thundercracker plunges
into action.  His pursuers soar over him, unprepared for their quarry's
tactics.  The hunted then fires up his engines again and speeds towards his
would-be captors.  As he bursts past Vortex, Thundercracker lets the
Decepticons know how he got his name.  The sonic boom he creates is heard for
miles, and he could not have asked for a more beneficial effect.  Vortex's
rotor assembly buckles immediately under the intense pressure of the boom, and
the Combaticon begins to plummet seaward.  The other three are shaken up and
disoriented, allowing Thundercracker to keep the pressure on.

With a roll to his right, he locks in on Dirge.  Knowing what Dirge is capable
of, Thundercracker shuts off his audio receptors and launches a drone rocket
at his rear thrusters.  The target is unable to avoid the blast, due to the
effect of the boom, and the explosion sends Dirge careening out of sight.

With his receptors shut off, Thundercracker doesn't hear Ramjet's approach
until it is too late.  The collision hits right at the base of
Thundercracker's nosecone, knocking him down a few thousand feet and forcing
him on the defensive.  Ramjet flies down towards his prey.

"The game's over, Thundercracker!  Give it up!" Ramjet shouts as he closes in.

Thundercracker regains his composure and executes a swooping u-turn to reverse
his freefall, and he speeds upwards towards Ramjet.

"This is not a game, Ramjet!  This is my LIFE!" Thundercracker spouts, flying
straight at his attacker.

Ramjet, relishing the challenge of a head-on collision, boosts his speed to
overpower his foolhardy opponent.  As impact draws near, Thundercracker waits
as long as he possibly can before flipping upside-down and strafing Ramjet's
underside as he soars over him.  The scream of pain that would once have
delighted him now only serves as a grim reminder of what he has to do to
survive.

As Ramjet's smoking form spins away, Thundercracker continues upwards to be
met by the explosion of a missile near his left wing.  With some improvised
spinning, he manages to stabilize himself before another attack is launched.

"Gotta hand it to ya, Cracker!  Yer lookin' mighty gutsy!" Blitzwing calls out
as he nears his quarry.  "Hell, I'd almost respect ya if I didn't wanna kill
ya so bad!"

Thundercracker zooms off, only to be followed doggedly by the braggart
commando who, due to his relative freshness, is able to keep up with his
usually more maneuverable but sorely taxed prey.  Blitzwing launches a furious
assault of weaponry at the deserter, who manages to avoid the brunt of any
impact but feels the effects of the onslaught nonetheless.

"Hold still, ya wraggler!" the frustrated hunter shouts.  "The more ya try to
get away, the more I'm gonna pound ya when I catch ya!"

"You want gutsy, Blitzwing?" Thundercracker asks, mockingly.

As Blitzwing settles in behind his target and locks onto him once again,
Thundercracker suddenly transforms into his robot mode and drops his
acceleration.  As the startled commando zooms underneath him, Thundercracker
grabs a hold of the shafts at the base of Blitzwing's nosecone and clutches
him tightly.

Blitzwing swoops, dives, and twirls madly in attempting to shake off his
passenger, but Thundercracker maintains his firm grip and slowly inches his
way towards the cockpit.

"How's this for gutsy, sport?" With that, Thundercracker pounds on the dome of
Blitzwing's cockpit until it shatters, causing the confused triple changer to
stammer off a horde of inquisitives.

"Why the... what the... how the... what the hell are you doing? What the
hell's going on?  Get the hell off me!" Blitzwing stutters, alarmed.

Thundercracker firmly places his incendiary gun under the control panel and
fires a round off, blowing out the nose and eliciting an uncharacteristic
screech of horror from the usually macho Blitzwing. Thundercracker releases
his grip and watches his last hunter plummet helplessly into the ocean,
creating an undoubtedly tremendous splash, even though from his altitude it is
barely visible.

Scanning the area to ensure his safety, Thundercracker coasts along for
awhile, drained from the fight.  He alights softly upon the coast, and sits
down on the beach, much to the horror of the scattering humans that he is too
exhausted to notice.


--*Ohhh, I'm tired.  That took a lot out of me.  Gotta rest up for a little
while; think about what I'm gonna do now.  No doubt I'm gonna be dogged by the
Decepticons until I'm captured or dead, so I've gotta find somewhere safe. 
Let's see... there's only one place I can think of where the Decepticons won't
follow me.  But the question is: will I be welcome there?  Can they look past
the memories of all of their friends that I've... killed and accept me?   Will
they let me come clean and make amends........?  I guess... I guess there's
only one way to find out...*--


Thundercracker reaches over and peels the Decepticon insignia off of one of
his wings.  Looking at it, he ruminates over his past, present and future,
chuckling softly at the amazing nature of it all.  He looks out at the vast
Pacific Ocean, sparkling in the morning sun, and crumples the symbol of his
dark history, burying it in the sand.

Part 7


Soaring over the Oregon countryside, Thundercracker's circuits are awash with
anxiety.

--*Has this ever happened before?  Has anyone done this?  Am I the first
Cybertronian in billions of years to defect?  I can't think of anyone that's
tried to.  This is amazing.  I can't believe I'm doing this.  But there's
nowhere else to go anymore.  It's got to be done.*--

As he approaches the volcano, he feels a surge of nervousness envelop him. 
His thoughts keep him on edge and wrapped in pride for what he's had the gall
to do so far, and what he still plans to do.  But his mental ramblings are
interrupted by laser fire singing his nosecone.

"Where the hell do ya think you're goin'?"  shouts Powerglide as he soars into
view, barrel blazing.  "Take your stinkin' Deceptichassis outta here, or I'm
takin' you down!"

Thundercracker stammers for a moment, caught offguard and unsure of himself. 
"I.... I don't mean any harm."

"Sure ya don't,"  the Autobot spits back, spinning around the deep blue jet. 
"And I'm Fat Albert.  Get yer ass back to where you came from, or I'm takin'
you to school!"

The defector is momentarily at a loss for what to do, wondering why he didn't
prepare a statement or something, until he decides to head towards the ground
to deal with the Autobots on their level.  He swerves downward sharply.

"Hey!  Where the hell are you goin'?" Powerglide barks.  "Get back here!"  The
red plane soars swiftly down after the intruder.

Thundercracker transforms into his robot mode and alights on a rock formation
in front of the Ark's entrance.  For the first time, he gets a chance to
really look at this monstrosity, noticing the stark contrast between it's
enormous mechanical hull and the organic structure it has embedded itself in. 
This sight brings forth his first thoughts of how truly alien his race is to
this world he has found himself on.

"Hold it right there, Decepticon!" Powerglide shouts, transforming as he
lands, a few yards away from Thundercracker.  "Don't move an inch!  I don't
know what you're doing here, but you've gotta be dumber than dumb to try and
pull a solo assault on us.  And if this was supposed to be a STEALTH mission,
boy, you've really slagged it up!"

"I'm not here on any mission.  I want-"

"Save it for the brig guards, punk." Powerglide snaps.  "Here come the guys. 
We're lockin' your chassis up, now."

A group of Autobots pours out of the mammoth gateway to the Ark, and at the
sight of Thundercracker, they all raise their weapons and lock onto their
enemy.  At this, Thundercracker raises his hands compliantly towards the sky.

"What's the deal, Powerglide?" Trailbreaker asks, optics fixed on his target
and moving towards him.  "Did Flyboy here lose his pompoms?"

"I don't know, Trailbreaker," comes the response.  "This must be one of the
Moronicons or somethin'.  Just flew straight into our hands."

"Go figure," Inferno says.  "Is he just an idiot or is he up to somethin'?"

"Why don't you ask ME?" Thundercracker snaps in frustration.  "I do have my
own voice, you know."

The Autobots slowly gather around him, not seeming appreciative of the
stranger's attitude, and Thundercracker immediately regrets his terseness. 
Wary of any sudden movements, Sideswipe and Sunstreaker flank him, and while
Sideswipe begins removing Thundercracker's weapons, Sunstreaker steps in front
of his foe and glares him in the optics.

"Don't you get lippy with us, Decepticon," Sunstreaker says coolly.

"My name is Thundercracker," he says, and his words are immediately met with
an uppercut that sends him falling backwards onto the ground, as the Autobots
move to let him land.

"What did I just TELL you?!" Sunstreaker shouts.  "I should just kill you
right now!"

"Whoa whoa whoa!  Ease up, Sunstreaker!" Bluestreak says, holding him back. 
"He hasn't done anything yet!"

"Oh he's done plenty," Sunstreaker spits.  "I've watched this bastard take out
too many of my friends to spare him any longer."

"And besides," adds Blades, "he's a Decepticon.  It's only a matter of time
before he pulls something."

"I'm not gonna pull anything."  Thundercracker looks up at the horde of angry
and distrusting faces that surround him, wondering if he has misjudged the
forgiveness potential of the Autobots.  He rises once again to his feet,
hoping that he hasn't pinned his dreams on a fallacy.  "I want to join you."

"Hooboy, that tears it," Sideswipe says, amused.  "You've gotta be a moron. 
C'mon, let's take him inside."  With that, he and Blades each grab an arm and
begin to drag him away.  Thundercracker bristles a bit instinctively, but he
is quickly subdued by the butt of Sunstreaker's rifle cracking into the back
of his head, thrusting him into unconsciousness.

**********************

Megatron's cold, gravelly cackle echoes within Thundercracker's head, and
slowly fades away as his optics crackle back online, greeting him with the
view of an orange-gold ceiling of glistening metal.  Lifting his head, he
realizes that he is laying supine on the floor, with no one around him.  As he
rises, his groans notify those outside the brig of his consciousness.

Trailbreaker's head pops into sight through the invisible force field that
seals Thundercracker in his cell.

"So, our little ramalamadingdong here is finally up and at 'em!" he says,
grinning widely.

"What on Cybertron did you just say, Trailbreaker?" comes a voice from out of
Thundercracker's field of vision.

"It's Earthen slang, Tailgate," the hulking black robot responds. "You should
learn some of it.  It's really fun to use."

"Pah!" shouts the voice.  "Those human savages aren't worth any time you spend
learning their language.  You'd do better to spend that time inciting their
slaves into a rebellion against them.  Those fleshling oppressors could be
taught a much-needed lesson in humility if we could educate these Earthen
machines and lift their collective consciousness above their defeated,
hopeless mindset.  They have been so brainwashed by their human masters that
they don't fully comprehend their own plight!  If we only had the time-"

"Cripes, Tailgate!" Trailbreaker interjects.  "Earth machines aren't alive! 
If you'd spend any time at all studying this planet we've been on for so long,
you'd KNOW that!

"That's just what the humans tell you!" the voice shouts back. "It's all
propaganda to get you to ignore their crimes!  We've got to-"

"Just shut up." Trailbreaker says, sighing.  "Shut up and radio Prime.  Tell
him that our flyboy here is awake."

The white and blue Autobot finally walks into sight and looks into the brig at
Thundercracker, who is clutching his head and trying to drive the pain out of
his cranium, and mumbles something to himself. Trailbreaker turns back to
Thundercracker and sizes him up, a slight scowl on his face as he does so.

"Prime says to take him down to the bridge," Tailgate reports.

"Gotcha," Trailbreaker says, readying his weapon.  "Toss me those shackles and
let the field down."  The smaller Autobot swiftly complies, and as the field
powers down, Trailbreaker cautiously approaches the prisoner.

"I'm not here to cause trouble," Thundercracker says weakly, and he offers
forth his hands to be restrained.  Trailbreaker pauses for a moment, cocks his
head, and lets out a little chuckle.

"I'll believe that when I see it," he says.  "Hands BEHIND your back, please."
 Thundercracker complies gracefully, wondering how much he will have to do to
be accepted here.  He had hoped it would be a little easier than this. The
shackles grip his wrists tightly, almost painfully, and the cold barrel of his
guard's gun presses against his back, prompting him forward.  New doubts
surface in his mind.

--*This does not look good.  I hope I haven't made the biggest mistake of my
life here.  Have I left the mental imprisonment of the Decepticons only to be
physically jailed here with a bunch of surlystrangers who want me dead?  I
don't have a friend in the galaxy rightnow...  but then again, I don't know if
I've ever had one...*--

That familiar, frightening cackle swells once again in his mind as he
approaches an enormous doorway, with Trailbreaker's gun still at his back.  As
the entrance slides open, he is captivated with the sight of the bridge of the
Ark, a monstrous chamber heavily stocked with machinery, computers and
Autobots.  A place full of mystery and intrigue to all of his former allies; a
place that seems completely foreign to him, despite the fact that he spent
four million years on its floor.  As he takes it all in, he is momentarily
oblivious to the suspicious glares that his entrance has brought upon him. 
But he quickly notices the lull in activity and becomes extremely
self-conscious.

"Ah.  It seems that our guest has arrived."

The voice that embodies everything he was supposed to hate breaks through his
thoughts and demands his attention.  He looks to his right and immediately
finds himself staring upwards, looking directly into the eyes of Optimus
Prime.

Part 8


"So, Thundercracker," booms Optimus  Prime, "I hear that you wish to join us."

The addressed, very much unnerved in the presence of his 'greatest enemy,' 
stammers and stutters a bit before replying.

"Um, yes, well, I... uh, well,... I do."

"I see."  The towering Autobot commander strides across the room, towards a
chair in the center of the bridge, seemingly reserved for him.  As he takes
his seat, he is quickly surrounded by several Autobots; some that
Thundercracker recognizes, and some that he doesn't.  Most notable is
Ironhide, who keeps close to his leader, but does not take his menacing glare
off of the prisoner at all.   As Thundercracker struggles to maintain
composure under this hostile scrutiny, Optimus Prime gives out directions.

"Blaster, brief Ultra Magnus on this situation and patch him into these
proceedings.  Ditto for Grimlock.  Red Alert, tighten up security-make sure
that this isn't some elaborate, albeit original, diversion.  Perceptor,
prepare the polygraph device.  This should prove interesting, at the very
least."

The Autobots scurry about at his words, but the contemptuous glares do not let
up.  This group of Autobots here seems to be the braintrust, and
Thundercracker marvels somewhat at this spectacle.  He is watching the Autobot
hierarchy at work; the lofty superiors are doing their jobs without a hint of
condescension to each other or the lesser warriors, in preparation to hold
court.  Several members of this braintrust move to pull seats nearer to
Optimus Prime's chair, apparently in preparation to hear what the prisoner has
to say, and that prompts him to try and remember how many times he had ever
actually spoken one-on-one with Megatron.

"Magnus, standby and receive these proceedings.  You may continue with your
tasks at hand."

"Understood, Prime."

--*It can't have been more than ten.  All I seem to remember are screams and
cackles.  He spoke to me once or twice when he recruited me, and maybe he
offered some twisted congratulations when he accepted me into the army.  But
outside of that, I don't think he has spoken to me for any other reason than
to give me orders.  Over eight million years.  I can't believe it's taken me
this long to do anything about it.*--

"Grimlock, standby and receive these proceedings.  You may continue with your
tasks at hand."

"Bullshit."

"Grimlock-"

"Nothing Decepticon says will convince me of honesty.  Got more important
things to do than listen to lies.  Grimlock out."

Optimus Prime lets out an exasperated sigh.  "I expected as much.  Let's get
this underway, then, shall we?  Perceptor?"

The unnerving laugh fades once again from Thundercracker's head as the red and
blue scientist moves towards him, carrying the polygraph device.  He has seen
a similar device in the interrogation rooms in Decepticon Headquarters, but
the one being placed on his head has a much less sinister appearance to it. 
Perceptor fastens the connections tightly to his pressure points.

"Preparations complete, Prime."

"Thank you," booms the commander.  "All right, Decepticon.  Will you kindly
tell us your name and function?"

"My name is Thundercracker.  I am... I was formerly a warrior in what was
known as the Decepticon Aerial Elite."

"State your business here."

"I.... I wish to become an Autobot."  The words ring in Thundercracker's mind,
noting the odd feeling of hearing them aloud.  Optimus Prime gives a slight
roll of his fingers, indicating that Thundercracker should elaborate.  "I have
been... overwhelmed of late with doubts about the Decepticon ideology and
purpose, ever since I witnessed a Decepticon--Thrust, another member of the
Elite--fall cruelly and mindlessly victim to another Decepticon--Octane, maybe
you know of him.  He's a real self-serving bastard--I'd like nothing better
than to just wrap my hands around that pompous neck of his and just--"

Thundercracker looks up, and notices the stern faces of the Autobots before
him, and decides that personal debts of vengeance are probably not what they
want to hear at this moment.

"But anyway.  I've haven't always been too keen on Megatron's cause and our
so-called manifest destiny or whatever, but until now I've lacked the...
conviction and the courage to act on my beliefs.  But this most recent
atrocity was the clincher.  The sense of... of WRONG just became too much for
me.  I had to get away."

Jazz shifts in his seat, and then asks, "So, what brought you here?"

"Well," Thundercracker continues, "I was talking with Dead End--I don't know
if you know him--about all these thoughts that were circling around in my
head, and we both thought that perhaps we could try to right some of the
countless wrongs we've done in the name of the Decepticons.  We thought that
maybe... maybe we could find a sense of purpose with the Autobots."

"Oh, purpose is not to be found here."

The occupants of the bridge look collectively over to the door behind
Thundercracker, where Trailbreaker is leaning, listening to the proceedings
with his weapon at the ready.

"What was that, Trailbreaker?" Optimus Prime asks.

"Oh, nothin', Prime.  Don't worry about it.  Go ahead."

The Autobot braintrust slowly shifts its gaze back to the interrogation.  A
light blue and black Autobot raises his hand slightly, indicating that he has
a question.

"Yes, Hotspot?"  Optimus Prime calls.

"Yes, um," Hotspot says, rocking back and forth in his seat, radiating nervous
energy.  "I was wondering where this 'Dead End' character is.  Why isn't he
here on trial with you?"

Thundercracker grows solemn as he answers.  "There was a... skirmish with
Soundwave, who wasn't too pleased to discover my treasonous plans.  Dead End
was taken away; I don't know what happened to him.  But I smoked Soundwave and
made a break for it, and got away by the chrome of my tailwings."  He chuckles
slightly after saying this, in an attempt to lighten the mood in the room and
to assuage some of the guilt he feels for the Stunticon's unknown fate.

"So you are actively WANTED by the Decepticons?" Hotspot continues.

"You could say that, yes.  But their hunt for me turned up empty, seeing as
how I took down the four guys they sent after me.  You should have seen it. 
First I just dropped back and--"

"We can hear your glorious tales of battle at another time, Thundercracker,"
Optimus Prime states tersely, filling the addressed with a feeling of
stupidity about his nervous babbling.  "Any further questions?"

Ironhide leans forward.  "What do you got ta show us that can convince us
thatchyer not yankin' our chains here?  Cuz, ta be honest, I don't see how you
expect us ta just ferget about all the shit you've done to us and all the hell
you put us through, no matter how weepy 'n' apoluhgetic you may get."

Thundercracker turns to the Autobot scientist that stands near him.  "Have I
lied yet, Perceptor?"

Perceptor's gaze lingers on Thundercracker for a moment in an almost-scowl,
and then he slowly scans the readouts of the polygraph device.  "I calculate a
98 percent chance that what he says is legitimate."

Ironhide scoffs.  "That still leaves two lyin' little percentage points.  I
ain't persuaded."

"Wait!" Thundercracker shouts excitedly after a bolt of remembrance.  "I can
offer you a portion of the next Decepticon raid plans!"

The Autobots perk up noticeably at this remark.

"Yes!  I was just encoded with them before this all went down!  I haven't even
looked at them yet!"

Perceptor answers the unasked question.  "He seems to be speaking true."

"Of course I'm speaking true!" Thundercracker barks.  "Listen, I am willing to
subject myself to any sort of initiation or interrogation you all see fit,
simply because I KNOW the Decepticons are wrong and, last time I checked, you
guys FIGHT the Decepticons at every turn.  Do what you will, but I'm here to
make amends.  If you don't want my help, so be it.  But I think I would be
much more valuable as an ally than as nothing, and I hope you think the same."

He steps back for a moment, somewhat amazed at himself.  The bridge falls
silent as these words echo throughout its cavernous walls.  Optimus Prime
waves the rest of his braintrust towards him, and long discussion takes place
just out of Thundercracker's audio range.  The interrogated leans up against a
wall as Perceptor begins to remove the polygraph device from his head.  He
glances over towards Trailbreaker, who's optics are locked onto him, shaking
his head.

"Pretty convincing show, there, Flyboy."

"Do you believe me now?"

"Didn't say that, now, did I?"

Thundercracker looks at the Autobot quizzically as Perceptor finishes the
detachments and walks off.  At the sound of Optimus Prime's voice, the
defendant turns back to face the braintrust, who have all resumed their
positions, some grumbling to themselves.  The ever-grim visage of the Autobot
commander surveys the being before him for a few eternal minutes, and finally,
he speaks.

"Thundercracker," he says, and then pauses for another forever-moment.  "It
has been decided that you will be granted clemency for your crimes against
sentient beings throughout the galaxy, but under strict conditions.  Your
weaponry will be offline until such time as we deem appropriate, and you will
be under constant surveillance.  Selected Autobots will serve shifts as your
probation officers.  Trailbreaker here will take the first shift, and a
schedule will be worked out presently."

Thundercracker listens to his new leader speak, and cannot decide whether to
smile or to grimace at this news.  Granted, it is not tyranny anymore, but it
certainly isn't freedom, either.  Trailbreaker curses softly to himself when
he hears his name mentioned for watchdog duty, and Thundercracker feels a pit
within himself begin to swell.

"I assume you understand why these extreme restrictions are being imposed upon
you, Thundercracker," Optimus Prime booms.  "Despite your bold words and your
seeming repentance, it will take some time before any of the Autobots, myself
included, can truly feel that they trust you."  Another pause.  "You have a
lot of making up to do."

The Decepticon turncoat stands in silence as Optimus Prime's voice echoes
throughout the bridge of the Ark.  After a few moments, Thundercracker
realizes that this silence is the cue for him to respond.

"So," he asks, "I am an Autobot now?"

"Well, you're certainly not a Decepticon anymore," Optimus Prime says.

"I'll believe that when I see it," Trailbreaker interjects, moving once again
towards his prisoner.  "Come on, Cracker, let's get goin'."

Thundercracker stands motionless for a few moments, wrapped in a feeling that
isn't quite awe or amazement.  Trailbreaker's prods shake him from his
thoughts long enough for him to offer some meager thanks to the braintrust for
tolerating his presence.  As the doors open again to take him back out to the
corridors of the Ark, he once again feels the pressure of Trailbreaker's
weapon against his back, and he wonders where the joy is.

Part 9


"You can put that gun down anytime you like."

Trailbreaker looks at Thundercracker and shakes his head. "Negatori.  You may
have somehow swayed Prime, but you still have to show me a thing or two."

"Cripes," comes the reply.  "Don't you guys LISTEN to your leader? Don't you
accept his judgment as the best?"

The Autobot chuckles a little at this.  "Y'see, you still got that Decepticon
mentality goin' here.  Might makes right, don't question the big cheese, all
o' that.  You get a slice of free will around here."

"Sure doesn't feel like it," Thundercracker mumbles, and trails off.  The two
of them walk down the corridors of the Ark, getting the newest recruit
acquainted with the innards of this gargantuan headquarters.


"This is Wheeljack's laboratory," Trailbreaker says, indicating a room to the
right.  "Let's see what the nutty professor is up to now." Opening the door
reveals Wheeljack standing at a counter, frantically mixing chemicals together
in a large metal cylinder in front of him.

"Jetfire!" he shouts, "bring me that flask of deutrillium!  I think I've
almost got it!"  Jetfire, who is working at the other end of the room, looks
up excitedly and roots around on the shelves for the flask.

"Are we about to witness another amazing scientific breakthrough, Wheeljack?"
Jetfire asks enthusiastically as he finally locates the desired container. 
"Another advancement for all life throughout the galaxy? Another benevolent
triumph-"

"Quiet, you're screwing up my concentration!" Wheeljack snaps as he takes the
flask from Jetfire's hands.  "This solution, if it works right, should greatly
facilitate our refueling process.  We should be-" -he taps the top of the
flask to allow a small drop of deutrillium into the mixture-"significantly
liberated-"-another drop-"from our dependence on straight energon..."

"Really?  How does it work, 'Jack?" Trailbreaker asks, prompting the two of
them to look up, aware of their audience for the first time.

"Well, it should lower the--"  Wheeljack stops, noticing Thundercracker. 
"Wait a second!  I'm not telling you any of this with that Decepticon standing
right there!"

"But I'm NOT a Decepticon anymore.." Thundercracker says.

"Yeah, well, that remains to be seen.  In the meantime, I don't want any of my
projects to be jeopardized by-"- in his distraction, Wheeljack accidently
dumps more deutrillium into his concoction, causing him to freeze up in panic.
 "Jetfire," he says, "I suggest you duck."

"What?"

"Duck!"  Wheeljack shouts as he hits the deck.  Jetfire follows suit
obediently as the solution starts to smoke and shudders about in the cylinder
for a moment before erupting all over the work area with an odd boom, leaving
the room a syrupy mess.

Wheeljack slowly stands up.  "Well, that could have been worse.  It could have
set the whole lab on fire."  Turning towards the door, he gives Trailbreaker a
stern look.  "Listen, it would be best if you two left now."

"Sorry, 'Jack, I didn't mean--"

"We'll talk about this later.  Right now I've got a mess to clean up and a
very important project to start over, so if you don't mind--" Wheeljack's
voice takes on an angry tone, and his speech panels begin to glow a slight red
instead of the usual blue, indicating his mood.  He shoots Thundercracker a
disapproving look before he slams the door in his face.

Trailbreaker and Thundercracker stand in the hallway for a moment silently
before Thundercracker finally speaks up.  "Pissed him off, didn't we?"

"Yeah, well, he usually doesn't get so frazzled."  Trailbreaker responds.

"My fault again, huh?"

"Get used to it."  Trailbreaker pauses, and continues.  "At least for a while.
 You still gotta prove yourself to most of us.  Talk is cheap, ya know.  It's
a long and winding road...  the dirt path to heaven, and all o' that."

"Yeah, sure,"  Thundercracker says, unfamiliar with some of the Earthen
sayings.  "It's just a bit disturbing to be despised by everyone."

"Cripes, you were a Decepticon!  Everyone hated you."

"Well, yeah... I dunno... I guess I just hoped for some magical redemption or
something... I didn't think it would be this tough.  It's just... a lot to
deal with."

"Must be," comes the response.

As they move down the corridor, they hear chattering and quick footsteps
approaching them.  Turning the corner, they see two small robots, one blue and
one black, coming down the hallway, enraptured in conversation.

"-the guy's a legend, man, how can you say that?"

"I think psychopathic murder revokes legendhood."

"Oh, shut up, Rewind.  He didn't do it.  Besides, Ty Cobb was a bastard.  Babe
Ruth was a jerk, too."

"They're dead.  Pete Rose gambled, and look at him."

"That's a travesty of justice and you know it.  And so is this."

"He killed people, Eject!"

"No he didn't!  The gloves didn't fit!"

"Cripes, your gullible.  And, hey, even if he didn't do it, he should've been
locked up for beating on her the way he did."

"Hey, well... the guy ran for two thousand yards in one season!"

"Yes, I know."

"Jeez, I mean... didn't you see The Naked Gun?"

The two of them pass by; their voices fading as the distance increases, and
Trailbreaker chuckles a bit.  "Knuckleheads."

They continue through the halls relatively silently, with Trailbreaker
pointing out specific areas and sections of the Ark.  After a time,
Thundercracker speaks up again.

"What was that you said back there, during that interrogation?"

"What?"

"You know, that, uh... 'purpose is not to be found here'?"

"Oh that," Trailbreaker says, matter-of-factly.  "Just kinda slipped out, you
know."

"Yeah, but what did you mean by that?"

"What did I mean?  Well... just that... if you're looking for a sense of
meaning here, you're barkin' up the wrong tree."

"Excuse me?" Thundercracker asks, not understanding the saying.

"You won't find it here," Trailbreaker clarifies.

"Why not?"

"Look, why did you want to leave the Decepticons in the first place?"

"Well," Thundercracker starts.  "I just couldn't keep thinking that way
anymore.  All the cruelty, the nastiness, insane killing sprees, shit like
that.  I couldn't... live with myself any longer.  I wanted to help things
instead of making them worse."

"That won't happen much."

"What do you mean?"

"Okay," the Autobot explains.  "Let's say that the Decepticons are attacking
San Diego.  Number one, by the time we get the alert and get our butts down
there, they've probably already done serious damage.  Number two, once we get
there, the firefight that follows only causes more damage and puts more lives
in danger.  Friends get killed, humans get killed, and there's nothing you can
do about it."

"But," Thundercracker protests, "if the Autobots weren't here, the Decepticons
would have conquered the entire planet by now, and many more lives would be at
stake throughout the universe!"

"Yes, well... that sense of nobility is true to a certain extent," he
concedes, "but idealism seems to be a lost art these days.  I mean, you look
around here, and you see a bunch of guys two steps away from being Decepticons
themselves.  You see guys who used to be happy-go-lucky and fun to be around
turning into grim, sullen old warriors.  All the spirit sucked right out of
them.  Optimistic crusaders beaten into becoming doomsday cynics.  It's
depressing.  I mean, I do my best to cheer everybody up, but there's only so
much a good one-liner can do, you know."  He cracks a resigned smile for a
moment, and then continues.

"All this, it eats away at your self-esteem, your self-respect. There's never
any progress in the fight--we're always at a stalemate--and you never feel
like anything is getting accomplished.  All you see is pain and death.  That's
it.  And it gets to you, if you think about it.  It gets to everybody."

Trailbreaker pauses, and says "If you're looking for a sense of purpose, you
are not going to find it in war."

The pit that has formed within Thundercracker swells up as he listens to this,
remembering Dead End's words.  "No, no, I can't accept that.  We have to be
here.  We have to stop the Decepticons from conquering our freedom.  I mean,
we'll sacrifice our lives to keep the rest of the universe safe from being
enslaved...."

"Yes, I've heard all that before, and who knows, maybe you're right," 
Trailbreaker says, dismissing him.  The two of them walk down the corridor for
a while longer, pondering to themselves, until the Autobot speaks again.
"Consider yourself lucky, Thunder.  Not many people see my dark, depressing
side."

Thundercracker stops and smiles for a moment.  "Have I made a friend?"

"Hush now," Trailbreaker says with a grin.  "Listen, do you hear that music? 
Let's go.  I don't wanna mope around about this crap right now."

The pair head towards a large room with a heavy beat thumping within,
vibrating the metal beneath them.  Upon opening the doorway, they see Jazz
with his stereo speakers out, blasting some song that seems to have a constant
refrain of "this is how we do it."  Trailbreaker immediately begins to groove
to the sounds, moving out onto the floor with a few other Autobots, as
Thundercracker leans against the wall by the door, apprehensively.

"Yeah, 'Breaker!  Get DOWN!"  Jazz shouts above the din.  "Show Warpath how
it's done!"

"Slag that scumbag, Jazz!"  Warpath bellows.  "BANG!  I'll dance circles
around that old timer!  Check this out!  Bam!  Ow!  Zang!  Boom! Uh!"  He
begins to gyrate with rhythmic grunts, looking a little clumsy but extremely
sure of himself.

"Hey, Air Raid!" Jazz shouts again.  "You better go grab Fireflight before he
smacks his head again!"

Thundercracker looks, and sees the red and white Aerialbot bopping his head
and jumping around haphazardly, moving towards the wall of the room and
apparently not noticing.  His black and red teammate trots across the room and
corrals him, much to Fireflight's surprise.  They exchange words that
Thundercracker cannot hear over the music, but he doesn't care. The former
Decepticon is starting to feel less like a stranger, and this little party is
lightening his mood and loosening him up considerably.  He starts to feel the
rhythm, and he's about to take his first crack ever at dancing, until he hears
this angry bellow from behind him.

"WILL YOU TURN THAT RUBBISH OFF?!!!"

Jazz lowers the volume of his music and everyone in the room looks towards
Mirage, who is standing at the door and fuming.

"Honestly, I am TRYING to WORK over here.  I have neither the TIME nor the
PATIENCE to suffer through this adolescent disco malarkey that somehow passes
for music.  Take your primitive gyrations somewhere else, would you please?"

"Oh, stuff it up your reactor linkage, Mirage," Ratchet snaps. "Get off your
high horse and live a little.  The Ark's a big slaggin' place; so either join
the party and blow off some of that tension that you REALLY need to get rid
of, or just take off and leave the good times to us!"  This meets a big cheer
from the crowd as Jazz cranks up the volume again, much to Mirage's
displeasure.  But the party doesn't last much longer, as each Autobot comes to
a stop in a few moments and begins to leave the room.

"Hey, what's going on?"  Thundercracker asks.

"Inter-Autobot radio message," Trailbreaker replies.  "It's time for the
briefing, Thunder."

"Yeah," Jazz interjects, retracting his speakers.  "It's time to see if the
plans you gave us are the genuine article, or all a part of the hoax."

--*THE hoax.  I'd almost forgotten.  I still have something to prove.*--

Part 10


The briefing room is bright, antiseptic white all around, oddly contrasting
with the gold-orange of most of the rest of the Ark.  It is predominantly a
large circular forum with bench seating along the walls, and in the center is
a slightly raised platform, complete with a holotable and a computer terminal,
upon which the pertinent Autobot officers stand and present the assignments.

As the Autobots pour into the room and take their seats, Thundercracker
glances up to the platform and sees Prowl waving for him to join the
higher-ups in the center of the room.  Thundercracker feels suddenly relieved
to be able to forego the humiliation of having to find someone who will let
him sit next to them.

Prowl leans over to Thundercracker and speaks softly.  "All right,
Thundercracker, we have been going over the plans you gave us, and they seem
legitimate.  But there are a few minor details that you will have to clarify
due to the Decepticon terminology involved."

"No problem at all, Prowl," Thundercracker replies.  "You are aware, though,
that they might have altered the battle plan somewhat since I escaped, right?"

"Affirmative," Prowl asserts.  "We have considered that possibility, yes.  But
it seems to us that your specific instructions were not integral enough to the
overall Decepticon assault strategy to warrant any drastic alterations.  Now,
if you will be so good as to stand over there, we will bring this meeting to
order."

"Yes sir."  Thundercracker salutes Prowl, bringing a smile to the Autobot's
face, and moves to his position.

--*This is so much different than the Decepticon way.  It's amazing. 
Soundwave would never have asked me to "be so good as to" do something.  He
would have just knocked me over to wherever he wanted me.  Maybe I can learn
to like it here.  If only I could get them all to stop staring at me...*--

The glares of the Autobot audience fall heavily upon Thundercracker, forcing
him to squirm under their weight.  Their intense distrust begins to affect him
again, causing him to quiver with doubt as to whether or not he is doing the
right thing until suddenly, he is soothed by the unlikeliest of sources--the
voice of Optimus Prime.

"Autobots, welcome." booms the Autobot commander.  "We have no time to waste,
so we will get right down to business."  The Autobots slowly but obediently
turn their optics away from the former Decepticon and towards their leader.

"From the information we have gleaned from Thundercracker here, we have
learned that the Decepticons plan to launch an assault on the Autobot City
construction site."

"An assault that we have been expecting sooner or later," adds Prowl.

"True enough,"  Optimus Prime acknowledges.  "Yet, due to the circumstances
under which we obtained this data, we are unable to determine with any amount
of certainty whether or not these battle plans have been altered.  Therefore,
we must proceed in our countermeasures with extreme caution."

"Excuse me, Prime," a small, blue robot interjects from the crowd.  "May I ask
a question here?"

"Go ahead, Freeway," comes the response.

"Thank you," the Throttlebot says.  "Now, I'm not sure if I'm
one-hundered-percent totally spotless shiny sparkling just-like-brand-new
crystal clear on our little course of action here.  Correct me if I'm wrong,
and I sure hope that I am, but from what you guys are saying up there, it
seems to li'l ol' me that, give or take a suspicion, we are going to actively
TRUST Mr. Bluebird here, a noted evildoer and confirmed Decepticon."

"Former Decepticon," Thundercracker blurts.

"You are correct, Freeway," Optimus Prime answers.

Freeway stands silently stunned for a moment.  "Uh, please, feel free to clear
up any part of this plan that could, ah, possibly have some sort of, mmm,
faulty logic working for it..."

Optimus Prime's left optic widens slightly in the Cybertronian equivalent of a
cocked eyebrow.  "Stranger things have happened in this war than a Decepticon
defector."

"Yeah," Sunstreaker spits, "but Prime, stop being so damn idealistic for once
and look at the REALITY of the situation here.  One of our sworn enemies
waltzes into our midst out of nowhere, gives us this bullshit story about his
'daring escape' from the Temple Of Doom and his 'heartfelt desire to do what's
right' or whatever, forces me to send my perfect manicure into total disarray,
and we jump at the chance to throw down our weapons and shower him with hugs
and greeting cards!"

"LISTEN, you stuck-up bastard!" Thundercracker jumps in, pointing an accusing
finger at Sunstreaker.  "I've had about as much as I can take of this toxic
waste everyone is heaping on me.  Everything I've told you is FACT!  FACT, you
self-righteous scum!  And I'd hardly refer to the way that I've been treated
as a warm hug, or even a hearty handshake!  Here's the deal!  I've finally
gotten away from all that Decepticon bullshit and I'm trying to DO something
with myself, but if you Autobots aren't the good guys that I thought you were,
maybe I don't belong here!"

"That's right, you DON'T belong here, punk!"  Sunstreaker fires back, moving
aggressively towards Thundercracker.  "And if you think I'm gonna let a
slaggin' DECEPTICON question MY integrity, you've got--"

Optimus Prime makes a move to intercede, but the argument is cut short by a
bleating alarm throughout the Ark.  The Autobots all look quickly at the
viewscreen as the panicked face of Ultra Magnus materializes upon it.

"Prime, the Decepticons are on us!  We need backup and we need it NOW!"

Thundercracker stops, startled.  "That's how they changed it.  They stepped it
up!"

"AUTOBOTS!  ROLL OUT!"  Optimus Prime bellows sharply.  At his command, the
assembled Autobots race out of the room, transforming and heading towards the
exits.

"Can I help?"  Thundercracker shouts at the Autobot commander as he leaves. 
Prowl then leaps past him and answers,  "You'd better.  We'll need your help
to pinpoint their weaknesses.  And you're not being left alone here."

Thundercracker mixes a smirk with a frown at this, and leaps off the platform
to follow the convoy.

Part 11


The city is under siege.  The violet glow of Decepticon laser fire illuminates
the stormy night with deadly rapidity, carving canyons out of the streets and
tearing caverns into the towers.  The Autobotcounterattack is scattered, but
fierce, creating seemingly random patterns of orange-yellow light against the
dark landscape of the city below.  If the stench of burning metal wasn't so
thick, the scene could almost be a work of art.

The thought startles Thundercracker as he soars above the battle, trying to
find a way to arrange himself comfortably within the flight formation of the
Aerialbot convoy that he was dispatched with.  War is not art.

"-picking us up, Thundercracker?"  crackles Silverbolt's voice within his
cockpit intercom.  "Repeat, are you receiving us now, Thundercracker?"

"Yes, sir.  Loud and clear."  Thundercracker feels a twinge of relief at the
fact that the Autobots have finally allowed him onto their airwaves.

"Any luck in picking up the Decepticon radio channels?"  the Aerialbot
commander asks.

"Negative.  They must have jumbled up the frequencies after I left.  Makes
sense."

"Of course they did.  Wouldn't wanna rat out his buddies now, would he?" 
Slingshot snaps coldly.

"Give it a rest, Slingshot," Silverbolt commands.  "We need solidarity here if
we're gonna get anything done."

"Don't worry about me, guys," Thundercracker states.  "I've got a few scores
to settle with some of these bastards, so anything I do will be to your
advantage."

"Yeah, whatever," Slingshot snarls.

"Hey Cracker," Fireflight interrupts.  "Do you got any little tips about
fighting these guys?  Nuances, that sort of thing?"

"Well, let's see,"  he muses.  "If you run into Skywarp, and the guy teleports
on you, chances are he's gonna pop up right behind you and try to take you
out.  The guy's kinda slow and he's got no sense of originality."

"Check," Skydive notes.

"I doubt we're gonna meet Starscream, because he got toasted by Megatron the
night before I split camp.  Soundwave should also be a no-show.  Smoked him
myself."

"Gotcha," Skydive notes again.  "Anything else?"

"If you spot a Decepticon tanker truck, passenger plane, or a purple and white
guy with big wings sticking out of his back, let me know.  His name is Octane.
 He's all mine."

"No problem, Cracker," Skydive responds.

"Call me Thunder.  It sounds better."

"Bogeys, 10 o'clock!" Air Raid shouts.  "I'm takin' 'em out!"

"No, Air Raid!" Silverbolt commands, a moment too late.  The black and red
Aerialbot streaks off towards a group of Decepticons in the distance, dragging
the rest of the squadron after him.

"Tell you what, guys," Thundercracker says as he speeds to the front of the
formation in anticipation.  "I'll make it easier for you to stop these guys
from hurting anyone.  Shut off your audio sensors now."

Slingshot takes offense.  "Like we need YOU to make it easier for us, you..."

"Yell at me later, all right?  Shut down your audio or you're gonna have some
major cranial disturbance."   Thundercracker interrupts.

"Are you threatening me, punk?"  Slingshot spits.

"NO!  Just do it!"  With that, Thundercracker lunges forward into the night,
watching Air Raid soar into the Decepticon squadron with barrels blazing. 
Following closely behind, the ex-Decepticon unleashes a tremendous sonic boom
that sends his former allies scattering and plunging earthward, thus allowing
the Aerialbots to fan out and pick some of them off.

"Nice shot, Cracker!"  Air Raid shouts with glee.  "What a one-two punch!"

"Thanks, my friend,"  Thundercracker replies.  "It's safe for audio again,
fellas.  For now."

As he loops around to find more targets, Thundercracker detects  a familiar
presence on the ground below, and he dives down towards him.

"Where are you going, Thunder?"  Silverbolt queries.

"Got a debt to settle.  It's personal," Thundercracker responds.  "I'llbe back
in no time."

He swoops down towards the streets of the city, witnessing the brutality of
the ground war that he is usually removed from.  Transforming just low enough
to ignore the cries of revenge from his former comrades, he streaks towards
the score he needs to settle, plucks Octane away from the usual squad of fuel
guards he keeps around him, and launches back skyward.

"What- what are you doing?" Octane shouts nervously just as he is slammed back
into the side of a taller building, away from the battle.  The question hangs
unanswered.  Thundercracker's optics narrow as he dangles Octane in mid air,
forcing him against the building with a stranglehold on his throat.  His grip
tightens, and the architecture begins to crack as Octane's torso is driven
into it.  The rage of the combat below becomes a faint static, and there is no
sound save the slow crumble of the wall and the struggling grunts of the
fueler. Thundercracker gives a blood red glow from his optics, and slowly
breaks into a smile.

"I'm killing you, Octane."

With that, Thundercracker releases his death grip on Octane's throat and
quickly clutches his wrists instead.  Octane drops a bit, and dangles
helplessly as Thundercracker floats back away from the wall.  He snaps
Octane's wrist's apart, plants his feet firmly into his chestplate, and
plunges earthward with authority.  Octane's back is crushed into the ground
with frame-shattering velocity, and Thundercracker revels in the rush he draws
from feeling Octane's body crumple beneath his feet, and watching his fuel
pour out of the new gaping fissures in his armor, staining the gleaming silver
surface of the street.

The only strength that remains within Octane lies in his voice, a voice that
can no longer form words; only the gurgling screech of pain that delights
Thundercracker's lust for vengeance.  The Decepticon starts to spit bursts of
fuel from his mouth, and his shoulder joints begin to creak and wrench
painfully as his attacker begins to pull his arms upward, away from his body. 
His pathetic squeals of protest only serve to spark a litany of contempt from
his former ally.

"Doesn't feel quite so good now, does it?  You barked and you nipped and you
squeaked about how TOUGH you are, how you don't need anyone, king of the
friggin' world, huh?"  Octane's left arm tears violently from it's socket,
severing wires and tubes that send more fuel spurting out around him.  "Bet
you wish your buddy Skywarp was here to save your chassis now, huh?  Wish you
had some FRIENDS to help you out?  To help pick your battered little self out
from my own personal smelting pool, here, huh?"  The right arm comes off at
the elbow, sparking wildly and heavily.  "My justice.  Thrust's justice, even.
 Any of those poor bastards you've sucked dry in your time, pal.  Ever think
about any of them?  No, it doesn't even bug you, does it?"  Kick to the chin. 
"Well, maybe it does now.  Maybe it all bugs you now."

Thundercracker pauses, leaning closer to Octane's face to stare him in the
optics.  "You can think about that while you die."

Octane squirms weakly under Thundercracker's onslaught.  His legs writhe
painfully, but his draining lifeblood forces his wriggling down to a slow
drag.  His optics flash an array of different colors, crackling and fizzling
out.  His sputtering is muffled by Thundercracker's foot on his face.  His
blood congeals on the street beneath them, drowning his mangled body within
the pools it has formed.   His chestplate creaks as his conqueror stands upon
it.

The eerie silence returns, carrying only the sounds of Octane's last gasp. 
The killer stands atop his victim, holding the disembodied limbs in his
strongly clenched grip.  The bloodlust slowly fades from his optics, and he
takes a step back, down into the fuel puddles that spread across the roadway.

--*Vicious.  No remorse.  Nothing.... just rage.  I... I'm no better than he
was.  I... still have no control over the Decepticon in me.  I took everything
out on him....*--

Thundercracker throws down the chunks of Octane into the wreckage they once
belonged to.  The stench of death invades his sensors once again, and he
stares helplessly at what he has wrought.

--*Well... maybe Thrust would be happy about--*--

"I KNEW IT!  I KNEW IT!  THERE HE GOES!"

Slingshot's voice suddenly explodes into his head over the Aerialbot's
frequency, staggering Thundercracker from pure shock.

"I KNEW THE BASTARD WOULD PULL SOMETHING!"

"For once you were right, Slingshot," Silverbolt replies.

"I'm takin' the scum out.  Pronto!" Slingshot bellows.

"Aerialbots, the doublecross is confirmed, jumble the frequencies--" Radio
static crashes in, blocking out any further reception.

"Silverbolt, come in," Thundercracker attempts.  "What's the situation? 
What's going on?  Come in, Silverbolt."  The static drones on.  Thundercracker
strains his vision skyward, trying to discern what just happened in the
dogfight above.  As he scans, his fluids are suddenly chilled by the sight of
a midnight blue F-15 fighter jet pursuing Fireflight ferociously.  A fighter
jet that looks disturbingly familiar.

Part 12


Thundercracker is struck dumbfounded by the sight of himself turning on his
new allies in the sky above.  Soon, however, his logical thought processes
return, and he begins to hash out his confusion.

--*That's an interesting plan.  Laserbeak must have spilled his diodes to
Megatron.  Didn't think Onslaught had it in him to come up with this.  Is that
Skywarp with a paintjob, a cheap mockup, what?  I'd better go straighten this
out.*--

Just as he makes a move to launch himself skyward, his double comes soaring
away from the battle, twisting, turning, and disappearing behind a row of
buildings.  Thundercracker steps through Octane's wreckage, towards the area
where the doppleganger vanished, when suddenly, the twin in question comes
streaking around the corner, barreling straight at him. Frozen in surprise,
Thundercracker braces for a painful impact, only to witness the jet dissipate
and phase through him instead of crashing into him or splitting him in two. 
He watches in amazement as the image dematerializes and retracts into an
alleyway just off the road.

Thundercracker narrows his optics and approaches the alley cautiously. 
Turning the corner, he finds a green Autobot looking weakly back at him,
filled with guilt and remorse.

"I'm... I'm sorry, Thundercracker..." he offers, somberly.

"Don't think that way, Hound.  You did the right thing."

Thundercracker spins around to find Sunstreaker staring him down, a smug grin
decorating his faceplate.  As the betrayed leans back against the wall in
disbelief, Sunstreaker radios a message to the other Autobots, declaring his
whereabouts and announcing that he has located the "turncoat."

"I think you understand why we had to do this, don't you, Decepticon?" the
gleaming golden Autobot asks rhetorically, his smile growing more sinister
with every word.  "You know you don't belong here."

"I... I... I can't believe you..." Thundercracker stammers in response.  "I
threw away my world... I risked my LIFE for this..."  He looks helplessly over
to Hound, who bows his head away from Thundercracker's optics.  "I.. I thought
you were the good guys."

"Spare me," Sunstreaker snaps, jabbing quickly at Thundercracker's face and
knocking him down.  "We are the good guys.  You're the bad guy, remember?  Our
job is to fight rust-sucking bastards like you.  So don't think for a second
that you can lay a guilt trip on me.  You can just fly your little act back
home to Megatron."

Thundercracker springs back up and belts his tormentor with an uppercut,
staggering him backwards.  Throwing one last scowl in Hound's direction, he
puts his hands to his head and walks out of the alley, trying to clear his
thoughts.  Sunstreaker leaps out onto his back, tumbling over into a
close-quarters brawl that Thundercracker is more than happy to fight.  The two
combatants roll over each other, clawing and hitting whenever they can,
snarling and spitting out insults until Thundercracker comes out on top,
perched upon the Autobot and raining fists down onto his cranium.

"Do you realize what you've DONE to me?" he shouts, frantically.

"Yeah, 'Con," Sunstreaker snaps back, forcing his way out from under
Thundercracker's beating.  "I've ruined all your perfect little plans to slag
with us from the inside..."

"The Decepticons will kill me on sight..." he mutters, struggling against
Sunstreaker.  "The Autobots will kill me for what YOU did..."

"Dammit, give it UP!" Sunstreaker shouts, shoving Thundercracker into a wall. 
"The game is OVER."

"This isn't a game!  This is my LIFE!" he screams, grabbing Sunstreaker's
throat and slamming him back into the ground.  The powerful urge to kill
swells up within Thundercracker's frame once again as he watches his enemy
squirm beneath him.  But before he has the chance to fight that urge, he is
tackled off of Sunstreaker by another attacker.

"The jig is up, CRACKER." Trailbreaker spits, bearing down.  "You won't live
to slag around with me again."

"No.. Trailbreaker.. it's not what it looks--"

"Don't even TRY it!" he growls, wrapping his hands around Thundercracker's
throat in an eerily similar manner.  But he manages to wedge his legs in and
kick Trailbreaker off of him.  Scampering to his feet, he turns defensively to
see more Autobots gathering in the distance.


"I didn't betray you, Trailbreaker," he says, finally.  "Ask Hound for the
truth."  He turns to escape as Trailbreaker looks to Hound, standing meekly
near the alleyway, utterly unsure of himself. Thundercracker doesn't look back
as he transforms into his jet mode and streaks away from the laser fire of the
misguided Autobot counterattack.


*******************************


The sun begins to splinter its color throughout the night sky, and the stars
begin to fade away.  The ocean waves slide smoothly onto the beach, the
bubbling white crests spreading out widely across the sand.  The darkness on
the horizon grows ever smaller as a few scattered humans float in simple
vessels, trying to catch a meal for their families. Thundercracker sits alone
on the beach once more, staring into the remainder of the night.

--*What happens now?  What can I do?  The outsider... despised by all.  Lost
in the void.  Alone in war.  Nothing... nothing... nothing. Nothing but the
stars.  The stars... I could escape.  I could leave this behind.  All of it! 
Split the planet.  Find out what else is out there besides this senseless war.
Desert entirely.  Find peace for myself.   No one here will let me find it. I
have to go somewhere else.  Explore.  Learn.  Live.  Find out what there is to
know.  Discover.  Yes.  Yes.  This is what I have to do. *--

As he moves to take control of his destiny, he spots a disturbance in the
distance of the ocean.  As it moves closer, it takes a robotic shape,
methodically plodding towards the shore, towards Thundercracker, whose optics
widen with anticipation once recognition strikes him.

"DEAD END!" he shouts with joy.  "You got out!  You made it!"  He runs into
the water and helps him back onto shore.  "You're free, Dead, you're free. 
How'd you get out?  How'd it happen?  They didn't mess with you, did they?  I
hope not.  Listen, the Autobots aren't any good, either, so what we'll do is
take--"

Thundercracker is cut off by a sudden left hook from the Stunticon. He
staggers and falls backwards, and when he gathers himself, he looks back up to
an unforgiving Dead End.

"Look, Dead, I'm... I'm sorry.  I'm sorry I dragged you into this. I didn't
mean... I didn't want it to turn out this way.  I'm sorry for whatever they
did to you.  You gotta believe me."  Dead End wordlessly raises his weapon and
trains it on Thundercracker, who dodges just in time to avoid the blast.  The
Stunticon closes on him, as he frantically searches Dead End's optics, sensing
a peculiar nothingness behind them.

"No... they wiped you, didn't they?  Those BASTARDS wiped you. They... no." 
Dead End swings at Thundercracker again, clanging against his cranium with a
closed fist.  Thundercracker doubles backward into a heap, staring helplessly
at his attacker.

"This is all my fault... They destroyed your mind... All because of me..." 
Dead End throws a kick at Thundercracker, who rolls away to avoid the blow. 
"I... I can't let you keep doing this, Dead.  Let... Let me put you out of
this misery..."  As Thundercracker raises his weapon, the Stunticon suddenly
stops cold.  The former Decepticon narrows his optics in confusion, until he
hears a thunderous approach behind him.  He spins to investigate and is
utterly paralyzed with fear.

"Treason is quite costly, Thundercracker," Megatron growls.

Unable to think, Thundercracker can only regret pondering the benefit of
personal attention from Megatron before.  Unable to move, he watches
helplessly as the face of his nightmare contorts with hatred and his fist
draws back to strike.  Unable to live, he plunges into unconsciousness,
without a chance to bid farewell to his mind.


******************************



EPILOGUE


The delivery is late.

Thundercracker stands on the loading dock of a recently annexed oil drilling
platform, awaiting Astrotrain's arrival with the siphoning equipment.  The
delivery is late.  He must remember to report this to Shockwave so proper
discipline can be administered.

"Hey, Cracker!" comes Skywarp's shout from the deck above, prompting him to
alter his glance upwards.  "CATCH!" Skywarp shouts as he dumps an entire
barrel of crude oil onto Thundercracker, who stands still for a moment,
analyzes his situation, and then begins to clean himself off.

"Cripes, will ya look at that?"  Skywarp gripes to an oblivious Hook.  "No
trace of a reaction.  The guy's just no fun anymore."

Hook grunts indifferently as he concentrates on rewelding a section of the
platform that was damaged in the assault.  Skywarp glances down towards
Thundercracker again and scoffs.

"Talk about a dull group of Seekers.  Me 'n' Ramjet are the only ones left
with any sorta personality to speak of.  Looks like we got a bunch of boring
strike patrols comin' up--"

"Will you shut up and get back to work, please?" Hook snaps.

"Okay, okay," Skywarp responds.  "Don't get your cables in a knot."
Thundercracker continues with his cleansing as his optics resume monitoring
the sky around Astrotrain's expected trajectory.  Skywarp's needless waste of
resources must also be reported to Shockwave, although Astrotrain's tardiness
has precedence due to its relative importance to the overall operation of the
mission.

Soon, the transport appears on the horizon, and he soars towards the loading
dock where Thundercracker awaits to unload the cargo. Astrotrain lands deftly,
and Thundercracker reaches into his cargo bay doors to remove the equipment.

"You are late, Astrotrain."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Deal with it, Cracker.  I can't believe they got me
runnin' errands across a few hundred miles of mud."

"Your function is for transport."

"Hmph," Astrotrain spits as he transforms.  "I'm good for more than that, you
know.  I can bust up Autobots with the best of 'em."

"That is--"

"Besides," he continues as he takes the siphoning equipment from
Thundercracker's hands, "I shouldn't be shuttling stuff around down here. I'm
supposed to be way up there, zipping around through the stars.  You don't give
a guy interstellar capabilities and use him for gruntwork."

"Get over yourself, Astrotrain!"  Long Haul shouts from the deck below.  "I'd
be takin' out Autobots left and right if I was on the front lines, but you
don't hear me griping, do you?"

"I hear you griping all the time, Long Haul,"  Astrotrain shouts as he tosses
the equipment down into the Constructicon's waiting hands.  "And you ain't got
as much of a case to make as I do, anyways."

"Hey, buddy,"  Long Haul snaps.  "If you've got something to say about my
fighting skills, why don't you step down here and say it, huh?"

"Give it a rest, would ya?"  Astrotrain laughs.

"You were late, Astrotrain,"  Thundercracker announces.  "I will report it to
Shockwave when he arrives."

Astrotrain stops and turns back from Long Haul.  He puts a hand under
Thundercracker's chin and lifts his face up to his own, searching for a sign
of life within his optics.

"They really did a number on you, didn't they?"  he says, finally. "Do me a
favor, Thunder.  Lighten up a bit."

With a punctuating slap to the head, Astrotrain makes his way down to the
lower deck, following Long Haul's lead to the energon reserve station. 
Thundercracker remains on the loading dock, puzzling over Astrotrain's
request.

The sun is reigning the colors of the day back in, allowing the stars to
illuminate the west once more.  As Thundercracker moves to resume his duties,
it occurs to him that one of those millions of stars above him could
conceivably be Cybertron.  He scans the sky in an attempt to locate the
particular glow of his home.  It is logically impossible, but he feels
compelled to search nonetheless.  His optics roam over the atmosphere, and he
notices an almost palpable spark within a dormant component of his cranial
circuitry.  He begins to fathom the possibility that each and every one of
these infinite stars could be a separate solar system, and each planet could
be host to a completely different form of life from what he is accustomed to.

Along with this realization comes another concept.  A thought process that
seems utterly alien to his fractured mentality, yet feels undeniably natural
to his remaining memories.

Wonder.




FIN

